content/english/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Psychotherapist Alexandra Barbu - Therapy for Mental Health"
description: "Psychotherapy practice in Bucharest. Individual, couples and family therapy. Integrative approach: CBT, Mindfulness, EMDR. Online and in-person appointments."
layout: "flexible"

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "problem-empathy"
  - type: "services-preview"
  - type: "methodology-zigzag"
  - type: "cta-split"
  - type: "about-preview"
  - type: "approach-preview"
  - type: "testimonials-enhanced"
  - type: "simple-process"
  - type: "faq-mini"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# ============================================================================
# 1. HERO SECTION (Redesign 2025)
# ============================================================================

hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "Finding Your"
  title_accent: "Inner North"
  subtitle: "The journey to healing begins with a single step. Explore the path to inner balance and authentic transformation through integrative therapy."
  show_breadcrumb: false
  show_compass: true
  cta_buttons:
    - text: "Book Consultation"
      url: "/en/contact/"
      variant: "primary"
      icon: "las la-calendar"
    - text: "Discover Services"
      url: "/en/services/"
      variant: "outline-primary"
      icon: "las la-arrow-right"

# ============================================================================
# 2. PROBLEM/EMPATHY SECTION
# ============================================================================

problem_empathy:
  title: "Do You Recognize These Signs?"
  subtitle: "You're Not Alone"
  description: "Many people face similar challenges. The first step toward healing is recognizing the need for help."
  challenges:
    - title: "You feel overwhelmed by anxiety"
      description: "Constant worries, unexplained tension, panic attacks, difficulty concentrating."
      icon: "brain"
    - title: "Your relationships are suffering"
      description: "Recurring conflicts, communication difficulties, feelings of loneliness or misunderstanding."
      icon: "heart-broken"
    - title: "You no longer find joy in life"
      description: "Lack of energy, loss of pleasure in activities, sleep disturbances, feeling of inner emptiness."
      icon: "sad-tear"
    - title: "You feel stuck in the past"
      description: "Unresolved trauma, painful memories, flashbacks, intense emotional reactions."
      icon: "clock"
  empathy_text: "I understand what you're going through. These challenges are real and deserve professional attention. **Therapy can be the turning point** toward a more balanced and fulfilling life."

# ============================================================================
# 3. SERVICES PREVIEW (Redesign 2025)
# ============================================================================

services_preview:
  badge: "Services Offered"
  title: "Begin Your Journey"
  intro: "We offer personalized psychotherapy services for adults, couples, and families. Each healing journey is unique and tailored to your specific needs."
  services:
    - title: "Individual Therapy"
      description: "Personalized approach for depression, anxiety, trauma and personal growth. Scientifically proven methods adapted to your unique needs."
      icon: "user"
      icon_color: "blue"
      url: "/en/services/individual-therapy/"
    - title: "Couple Therapy"
      description: "Rebuild connection and communication in your relationship. Rediscover intimacy and resolve conflicts constructively."
      icon: "heart"
      icon_color: "coral"
      url: "/en/services/couple-therapy/"
    - title: "Family Therapy"
      description: "Healing and harmonizing family dynamics. Create a safe and supportive family environment."
      icon: "users"
      icon_color: "sage"
      url: "/en/services/family-therapy/"

# ============================================================================
# 4. METHODOLOGY ZIGZAG (Redesign 2025)
# ============================================================================

methodology_section:
  badge: "METHODOLOGY"
  title: "An Integrative"
  title_accent: "Approach"
  description: "I combine the most effective scientifically validated therapeutic methods for lasting results and authentic transformation. Each technique is adapted to your unique needs."
  image: "images/methodology/integrative-approach.jpg"
  image_alt: "Integrative therapeutic approach - combining methods for optimal results"
  methods:
    - title: "Cognitive-Behavioral"
      description: "CBT for changing negative thoughts and behaviors. Practical tools for managing anxiety and depression."
      icon: "brain"
      icon_color: "blue"
    - title: "Mindfulness & Acceptance"
      description: "Awareness and acceptance techniques for stress reduction. Presence in the moment and self-compassion."
      icon: "spa"
      icon_color: "sage"
    - title: "Schema Therapy"
      description: "Identifying and modifying deep patterns from childhood. Healing at the level of fundamental emotional needs."
      icon: "puzzle-piece"
      icon_color: "purple"
    - title: "Humanistic-Experiential"
      description: "Exploring deep emotional experiences in a safe space. Personal development and self-actualization."
      icon: "heart"
      icon_color: "coral"

# ============================================================================
# 5. CTA EVALUATION (Redesign 2025)
# ============================================================================

cta_evaluation:
  badge: "SELF-REFLECTION"
  title: "Is therapy the"
  title_accent: "right solution for you?"
  checklist:
    - "You feel overwhelmed by negative emotions and don't know how to manage them"
    - "Your relationships are suffering and you want to improve them"
    - "You want to better understand your thoughts and behaviors"
    - "You're looking for a safe space for personal development"
  quote:
    text: "The first step is the hardest, but the most important. The free evaluation helps you discover if therapy is right for you."
    author: "Alexandra Barbu"
  right_icon: "clock"
  right_title: "Free 30-Min Evaluation"
  right_description: "Discover if therapy is right for you through a free 30-minute consultation. No obligations, completely confidential."
  button_text: "Start Evaluation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  disclaimer: "Completely confidential • No obligations • Online or in-person"

# ============================================================================
# 6. ABOUT PREVIEW
# ============================================================================

about_preview:
  title: "About Me"
  subtitle: "Your Therapist"
  image: "images/about/alexandra-barbu-portrait.jpg"
  bio: |
    I'm a clinical psychologist with over 15 years of experience in individual and couple therapy. I believe in the power of healing through compassion, understanding, and evidence-based techniques.

    My approach is based on **empathy, respect and collaboration**. Every person has inner resources for healing - my role is to guide you in discovering and activating them.
  credentials:
    - text: "Licensed Clinical Psychologist"
      icon: "certificate"
    - text: "15+ years experience"
      icon: "clock"
    - text: "Certifications: CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness"
      icon: "award"
    - text: "Member of Romanian College of Psychologists"
      icon: "graduation-cap"
  button_text: "Read My Story"
  button_url: "/en/about/"
  button_variant: "secondary"

# ============================================================================
# 5. APPROACH PREVIEW
# ============================================================================

approach_preview:
  title: "My Therapeutic Approach"
  subtitle: "Core Principles"
  description: "I combine the most effective therapeutic methods for lasting results and real transformation."
  principles:
    - title: "Evidence-Based"
      description: "I use scientifically validated methods: CBT, DBT, ACT, EMDR. Proven techniques for measurable results."
      icon: "flask"
    - title: "Personalized"
      description: "Every therapy plan is adapted to your unique needs. No two healing journeys are identical."
      icon: "user-circle"
    - title: "Compassion"
      description: "I create a safe, judgment-free space where you can express yourself freely and be vulnerable."
      icon: "heart"
    - title: "Measurable Results"
      description: "We track progress together and adjust the approach for optimal results. Total transparency."
      icon: "chart-line"
  button_text: "Discover Complete Approach"
  button_url: "/en/approach/"
  button_variant: "primary"

# ============================================================================
# 6. TESTIMONIALS (Redesign 2025 - Dark Background)
# ============================================================================

testimonials_section:
  title: "What My Clients Say"
  icon_color: "gold"
  testimonials:
    - quote: "Therapy helped me understand my patterns and build healthier relationships. I discovered tools that work for me."
      name: "M.A."
      role: "Individual Therapy Client"
    - quote: "I learned techniques to manage anxiety and found peace I didn't think was possible. The process was transformative."
      name: "R.C."
      role: "CBT Program Participant"
    - quote: "The compassionate approach helped me heal from past trauma at my own pace. I feel stronger and more connected to myself."
      name: "S.L."
      role: "Trauma-Focused Therapy Client"

# ============================================================================
# 7. SIMPLE PROCESS
# ============================================================================

simple_process:
  title: "3 Steps to Healing"
  subtitle: "Getting Started"
  steps:
    - number: "1"
      title: "Book Free Consultation"
      description: "30 minutes to get to know each other and see if I can help. No obligations, completely confidential."
      icon: "calendar"
    - number: "2"
      title: "Assessment and Personalized Plan"
      description: "We understand your challenges and create an action plan adapted to your goals together."
      icon: "clipboard-list"
    - number: "3"
      title: "Begin Healing Journey"
      description: "We work together toward your mental health goals. Concrete steps, measurable results."
      icon: "seedling"

# ============================================================================
# 8. FAQ PREVIEW
# ============================================================================

faq_mini:
  title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
  subtitle: "Quick Answers"
  faqs:
    - question: "How long is a session?"
      answer: "A session lasts 50-60 minutes. The first session can be longer (90 minutes) for complete assessment."
    - question: "How much does therapy cost?"
      answer: "The rate for an individual session is 250 lei. Package discounts available. See complete details on the Contact page."
    - question: "Is it confidential?"
      answer: "Yes, completely confidential. We strictly adhere to GDPR confidentiality standards and professional ethics."
    - question: "How many sessions are needed?"
      answer: "It varies by needs. Some clients benefit from 6-10 sessions, others from longer-term therapy (3-6 months). We determine together."
  link_text: "See All Questions"
  link_url: "/en/contact/#faq"

# ============================================================================
# 9. CTA FINAL
# ============================================================================

cta_standard:
  title: "Ready to Take the First Step?"
  subtitle: "Start Today"
  description: "You don't have to go through this alone. Book a free consultation today and let's begin the journey to healing together."
  button_text: "Book Free Consultation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "primary"
  guarantees:
    - text: "Free 30-minute initial consultation"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "Completely confidential"
      icon: "shield-alt"
    - text: "Online or in-office"
      icon: "laptop-house"
---

Commit message:

chore: consolidate redesign changes
- Archive completed dev docs to dev/archive/
- Remove backup and temp files
- Update content with consistent CTA formats
- Add SEO structured data schemas
- Add playwright config and scripts
- Update SCSS components and templates
- Clean up unused images and assets

232 files changed, +13k/-5k lines

content/english/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Psychotherapist Alexandra Barbu - Therapy for Mental Health"
description: "Psychotherapy practice in Bucharest. Individual, couples and family therapy. Integrative approach: CBT, Mindfulness, EMDR. Online and in-person appointments."
layout: "flexible"

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "problem-empathy"
  - type: "services-preview"
  - type: "methodology-zigzag"
  - type: "cta-split"
  - type: "about-preview"
  - type: "approach-preview"
  - type: "testimonials-enhanced"
  - type: "simple-process"
  - type: "faq-mini"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# ============================================================================
# 1. HERO SECTION (Redesign 2025)
# ============================================================================

hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "Finding Your"
  title_accent: "Inner North"
  subtitle: "The journey to healing begins with a single step. Explore the path to inner balance and authentic transformation through integrative therapy."
  description: "I am a clinical psychologist with over 15 years of experience, specialized in cognitive therapy, EMDR, and mindfulness. I provide a safe and confidential space to explore your challenges and rediscover your inner balance."
  show_breadcrumb: false
  show_compass: true
  cta_buttons:
    - text: "Book Consultation"
      url: "/en/contact/"
      variant: "primary"
      icon: "las la-calendar"
    - text: "Discover Services"
      url: "/en/services/"
      variant: "outline-primary"
      icon: "las la-arrow-right"

# ============================================================================
# 2. PROBLEM/EMPATHY SECTION
# ============================================================================

problem_empathy:
  title: "Do You Recognize These Signs?"
  subtitle: "You're Not Alone"
  description: "Many people face similar challenges. The first step toward healing is recognizing the need for help."
  challenges:
    - title: "You feel overwhelmed by anxiety"
      description: "Constant worries, unexplained tension, panic attacks, difficulty concentrating."
      icon: "brain"
    - title: "Your relationships are suffering"
      description: "Recurring conflicts, communication difficulties, feelings of loneliness or misunderstanding."
      icon: "heart-broken"
    - title: "You no longer find joy in life"
      description: "Lack of energy, loss of pleasure in activities, sleep disturbances, feeling of inner emptiness."
      icon: "sad-tear"
    - title: "You feel stuck in the past"
      description: "Unresolved trauma, painful memories, flashbacks, intense emotional reactions."
      icon: "clock"
  empathy_text: "I understand what you're going through. These challenges are real and deserve professional attention. **Therapy can be the turning point** toward a more balanced and fulfilling life."

# ============================================================================
# 3. SERVICES PREVIEW (Redesign 2025)
# ============================================================================

services_preview:
  badge: "Services Offered"
  title: "Begin Your Journey"
  intro: "We offer personalized psychotherapy services for adults, couples, and families. Each healing journey is unique and tailored to your specific needs."
  services:
    - title: "Individual Therapy"
      description: "Personalized approach for depression, anxiety, trauma and personal growth. Scientifically proven methods adapted to your unique needs."
      icon: "user"
      icon_color: "blue"
      url: "/en/services/individual-therapy/"
    - title: "Couple Therapy"
      description: "Rebuild connection and communication in your relationship. Rediscover intimacy and resolve conflicts constructively."
      icon: "heart"
      icon_color: "coral"
      url: "/en/services/couple-therapy/"
    - title: "Family Therapy"
      description: "Healing and harmonizing family dynamics. Create a safe and supportive family environment."
      icon: "users"
      icon_color: "sage"
      url: "/en/services/family-therapy/"

# ============================================================================
# 4. METHODOLOGY ZIGZAG (Redesign 2025)
# ============================================================================

methodology_section:
  badge: "METHODOLOGY"
  title: "An Integrative"
  title_accent: "Approach"
  description: "I combine the most effective scientifically validated therapeutic methods for lasting results and authentic transformation. Each technique is adapted to your unique needs."
  image: "images/methodology/integrative-approach.jpg"
  image_alt: "Integrative therapeutic approach - combining methods for optimal results"
  methods:
    - title: "Cognitive-Behavioral"
      description: "CBT for changing negative thoughts and behaviors. Practical tools for managing anxiety and depression."
      icon: "brain"
      icon_color: "blue"
    - title: "Mindfulness & Acceptance"
      description: "Awareness and acceptance techniques for stress reduction. Presence in the moment and self-compassion."
      icon: "spa"
      icon_color: "sage"
    - title: "Schema Therapy"
      description: "Identifying and modifying deep patterns from childhood. Healing at the level of fundamental emotional needs."
      icon: "puzzle-piece"
      icon_color: "purple"
    - title: "Humanistic-Experiential"
      description: "Exploring deep emotional experiences in a safe space. Personal development and self-actualization."
      icon: "heart"
      icon_color: "coral"

# ============================================================================
# 5. CTA EVALUATION (Redesign 2025)
# ============================================================================

cta_evaluation:
  badge: "SELF-REFLECTION"
  title: "Is therapy the"
  title_accent: "right solution for you?"
  checklist:
    - "You feel overwhelmed by negative emotions and don't know how to manage them"
    - "Your relationships are suffering and you want to improve them"
    - "You want to better understand your thoughts and behaviors"
    - "You're looking for a safe space for personal development"
  quote:
    text: "The first step is the hardest, but the most important. The free evaluation helps you discover if therapy is right for you."
    author: "Alexandra Barbu"
  right_icon: "clock"
  right_title: "Free 30-Min Evaluation"
  right_description: "Discover if therapy is right for you through a free 30-minute consultation. No obligations, completely confidential."
  button_text: "Start Evaluation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  disclaimer: "Completely confidential • No obligations • Online or in-person"

# ============================================================================
# 6. ABOUT PREVIEW
# ============================================================================

about_preview:
  title: "About Me"
  subtitle: "Your Therapist"
  image: "images/about/alexandra-barbu-portrait.jpg"
  bio: |
    I'm a clinical psychologist with over 15 years of experience in individual and couple therapy. I believe in the power of healing through compassion, understanding, and evidence-based techniques.

    My approach is based on **empathy, respect and collaboration**. Every person has inner resources for healing - my role is to guide you in discovering and activating them.
  credentials:
    - text: "Licensed Clinical Psychologist"
      icon: "certificate"
    - text: "15+ years experience"
      icon: "clock"
    - text: "Certifications: CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness"
      icon: "award"
    - text: "Member of Romanian College of Psychologists"
      icon: "graduation-cap"
  button_text: "Read My Story"
  button_url: "/en/about/"
  button_variant: "secondary"

# ============================================================================
# 5. APPROACH PREVIEW
# ============================================================================

approach_preview:
  title: "My Therapeutic Approach"
  subtitle: "Core Principles"
  description: "I combine the most effective therapeutic methods for lasting results and real transformation."
  principles:
    - title: "Evidence-Based"
      description: "I use scientifically validated methods: CBT, DBT, ACT, EMDR. Proven techniques for measurable results."
      icon: "flask"
    - title: "Personalized"
      description: "Every therapy plan is adapted to your unique needs. No two healing journeys are identical."
      icon: "user-circle"
    - title: "Compassion"
      description: "I create a safe, judgment-free space where you can express yourself freely and be vulnerable."
      icon: "heart"
    - title: "Measurable Results"
      description: "We track progress together and adjust the approach for optimal results. Total transparency."
      icon: "chart-line"
  button_text: "Discover Complete Approach"
  button_url: "/en/approach/"
  button_variant: "primary"

# ============================================================================
# 6. TESTIMONIALS (Redesign 2025 - Dark Background)
# ============================================================================

testimonials_section:
  title: "What My Clients Say"
  icon_color: "gold"
  testimonials:
    - quote: "Therapy helped me understand my patterns and build healthier relationships. I discovered tools that work for me."
      name: "M.A."
      role: "Individual Therapy Client"
    - quote: "I learned techniques to manage anxiety and found peace I didn't think was possible. The process was transformative."
      name: "R.C."
      role: "CBT Program Participant"
    - quote: "The compassionate approach helped me heal from past trauma at my own pace. I feel stronger and more connected to myself."
      name: "S.L."
      role: "Trauma-Focused Therapy Client"

# ============================================================================
# 7. SIMPLE PROCESS
# ============================================================================

simple_process:
  title: "3 Steps to Healing"
  subtitle: "Getting Started"
  steps:
    - number: "1"
      title: "Book Free Consultation"
      description: "30 minutes to get to know each other and see if I can help. No obligations, completely confidential."
      icon: "calendar"
    - number: "2"
      title: "Assessment and Personalized Plan"
      description: "We understand your challenges and create an action plan adapted to your goals together."
      icon: "clipboard-list"
    - number: "3"
      title: "Begin Healing Journey"
      description: "We work together toward your mental health goals. Concrete steps, measurable results."
      icon: "seedling"

# ============================================================================
# 8. FAQ PREVIEW
# ============================================================================

faq_mini:
  title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
  subtitle: "Quick Answers"
  faqs:
    - question: "How long is a session?"
      answer: "A session lasts 50-60 minutes. The first session can be longer (90 minutes) for complete assessment."
    - question: "How much does therapy cost?"
      answer: "The rate for an individual session is 250 lei. Package discounts available. See complete details on the Contact page."
    - question: "Is it confidential?"
      answer: "Yes, completely confidential. We strictly adhere to GDPR confidentiality standards and professional ethics."
    - question: "How many sessions are needed?"
      answer: "It varies by needs. Some clients benefit from 6-10 sessions, others from longer-term therapy (3-6 months). We determine together."
  link_text: "See All Questions"
  link_url: "/en/contact/#faq"

# ============================================================================
# 9. CTA FINAL
# ============================================================================

cta_standard:
  title: "Ready to Take the First Step?"
  subtitle: "Start Today"
  description: "You don't have to go through this alone. Book a free consultation today and let's begin the journey to healing together."
  button_text: "Book Free Consultation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "primary"
  guarantees:
    - text: "Free 30-minute initial consultation"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "Completely confidential"
      icon: "shield-alt"
    - text: "Online or in-office"
      icon: "laptop-house"
---
