content/english/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Me - Psychotherapist Alexandra Barbu"
description: "15+ years experience in psychotherapy. CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness specialization. Empathic and evidence-based approach."
layout: "flexible"

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "my-story"
  - type: "training-certifications"
  - type: "values-compass"
  - type: "stats-numbers"
  - type: "approach-preview"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# ============================================================================
# 1. HERO SECTION
# ============================================================================

hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "About Me"
  subtitle: "My Story and Therapeutic Approach"
  description: "15+ years of experience helping people overcome emotional challenges and find balance in life."
  image: "images/about/alexandra-barbu-portrait.jpg"
  breadcrumb:
    - name: "Home"
      url: "/en/"
    - name: "About"
      url: "/en/about/"

# ============================================================================
# 2. MY STORY
# ============================================================================

my_story:
  title: "My Story"
  subtitle: "Journey to Psychotherapy"
  content: |
    ## Why I Became a Psychotherapist

    I chose the path of psychotherapy not by chance, but from deep conviction. During my psychology studies, I witnessed extraordinary transformations in the lives of people who benefited from professional therapy. I saw how people overwhelmed by anxiety learned to live with peace, how couples in conflict rediscovered connection, how old traumas can be healed.

    These experiences marked me profundly. I understood that psychotherapy is not just a profession - it's a calling, a responsibility and a privilege.

    ## My Professional Journey

    After completing my studies in Clinical Psychology at the University of Bucharest, I first worked in hospitals and clinics, then opened my own private practice. Each person I worked with taught me something new about human nature, resilience and the power of healing.

    I continued to study constantly - certifications in CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness, Systemic Therapy. Not for diplomas, but to offer my clients the most effective tools available.

    ## What Guides Me Today

    Today, after over 15 years of practice and over 5000 hours of therapy provided, I am more convinced than ever that **every person has inner resources for healing**. My role is not to "fix" someone, but to create a safe space where those resources can be discovered and activated.

    I believe in the power of empathy, the importance of scientific evidence and the uniqueness of each healing journey.
  pull_quote: "Every person has inner resources for healing - my role is to create the safe space where they can be discovered."
  pull_quote_author: "Alexandra Barbu"
  image: "images/about/alexandra-cabinet-informal.jpg"
  image_caption: "In my office, I create a warm and welcoming space for healing"

# ============================================================================
# 3. TRAINING & CERTIFICATIONS
# ============================================================================

training_certifications:
  title: "Professional Training"
  subtitle: "Education and Credentials"
  items:
    - degree: "PhD in Clinical Psychology"
      institution: "University of Bucharest"
      year: "2005"
      description: "Doctoral thesis: The effectiveness of CBT in treating anxiety disorders"
    - degree: "Master in Integrative Psychotherapy"
      institution: "University of Bucharest"
      year: "2003"
      description: "Specialization in multiple therapeutic approaches"
    - degree: "Bachelor in Psychology"
      institution: "University of Bucharest"
      year: "2000"
    - title: "CBT (Cognitive Behavioral Therapy) Certification"
      institution: "Beck Institute for Cognitive Behavior Therapy"
      year: "2008"
      type: "certification"
    - title: "EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) Certification"
      institution: "EMDR International Association"
      year: "2012"
      type: "certification"
    - title: "Mindfulness-Based Cognitive Therapy Certification"
      institution: "Center for Mindfulness, University of Massachusetts"
      year: "2015"
      type: "certification"
    - title: "Member of Romanian College of Psychologists"
      institution: "Romanian College of Psychologists"
      year: "2001-present"
      type: "certification"
      description: "Member in good standing, ethical code respected"
    - title: "Continuous Training"
      institution: "International conferences and trainings"
      year: "Annually"
      type: "certification"
      description: "Constant participation in psychology conferences and continuous training"

# ============================================================================
# 4. VALUES & PHILOSOPHY
# ============================================================================

values_compass:
  title: "My Values"
  subtitle: "What Guides My Practice"
  description: "These fundamental principles are at the foundation of every therapy session"
  benefits:
    - title: "Compassion"
      icon: "heart"
      description: "I believe in the power of empathy and understanding. Every person deserves to be heard without judgment."
    - title: "Integrity"
      icon: "shield-alt"
      description: "Honesty and transparency in all interactions. My promises are real, not marketing."
    - title: "Collaboration"
      icon: "handshake"
      description: "We work together as partners in healing. You are the expert of your own life, I bring therapeutic expertise."
    - title: "Excellence"
      icon: "star"
      description: "Commitment to the highest professional standards. Continuous training is mandatory, not optional."
    - title: "Respect"
      icon: "user-check"
      description: "Every person is unique and deserves respect. There is no judgment, only understanding and support."
    - title: "Growth"
      icon: "seedling"
      description: "I believe everyone can grow and evolve, regardless of age or past. Change is possible."

# ============================================================================
# 5. STATS & EXPERIENCE
# ============================================================================

stats_numbers:
  title: "My Experience in Numbers"
  subtitle: "Real Data"
  description: "Over 15 years dedicated to mental health"
  stats:
    - number: "15"
      suffix: "+"
      label: "Years of Experience"
      icon: "calendar"
    - number: "500"
      suffix: "+"
      label: "Clients Helped"
      icon: "users"
    - number: "5000"
      suffix: "+"
      label: "Hours of Therapy Provided"
      icon: "clock"
    - number: "8"
      label: "Specialized Certifications"
      icon: "certificate"

# ============================================================================
# 6. MY APPROACH
# ============================================================================

approach_preview:
  title: "How I Work"
  subtitle: "Therapeutic Principles"
  description: "My approach combines the most effective methods for lasting results"
  principles:
    - title: "Evidence-Based"
      description: "I use only scientifically validated methods: CBT, DBT, ACT, EMDR. No pseudoscience, only proven techniques."
      icon: "flask"
    - title: "Personalized"
      description: "No two people are identical. Every therapy plan is adapted to your needs, values and pace."
      icon: "user-circle"
    - title: "Solution-Oriented"
      description: "The focus is on developing concrete and sustainable solutions, not just analyzing problems."
      icon: "bullseye"
    - title: "Total Transparency"
      description: "We track progress together, with clear objectives and measurable results. No surprises, just real progress."
      icon: "chart-line"
  button_text: "Discover Complete Approach"
  button_url: "/en/approach/"
  button_variant: "primary"

# ============================================================================
# 7. CTA SECTION
# ============================================================================

cta_standard:
  title: "Let's Get to Know Each Other"
  subtitle: "Free Consultation"
  description: "Book a free 30-minute consultation to see if we can work together. No obligations, completely confidential."
  button_text: "Book Consultation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "secondary"
  guarantees:
    - text: "30-minute free consultation"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "No pressure or obligations"
      icon: "shield-alt"
    - text: "100% confidentiality"
      icon: "lock"
---

Commit message:

chore: consolidate redesign changes
- Archive completed dev docs to dev/archive/
- Remove backup and temp files
- Update content with consistent CTA formats
- Add SEO structured data schemas
- Add playwright config and scripts
- Update SCSS components and templates
- Clean up unused images and assets

232 files changed, +13k/-5k lines

content/english/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Me - Psychotherapist Alexandra Barbu"
description: "15+ years experience in psychotherapy. CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness specialization. Empathic and evidence-based approach."
layout: "flexible"

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "my-story"
  - type: "training-certifications"
  - type: "values-compass"
  - type: "stats-numbers"
  - type: "approach-preview"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# ============================================================================
# 1. HERO SECTION
# ============================================================================

hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "About Me"
  subtitle: "My Story and Therapeutic Approach"
  description: "15+ years of experience helping people overcome emotional challenges and find balance in life. With thousands of hours of therapy provided, I guide each person to discover their own inner resources for healing. I believe in the power of empathy and scientifically validated methods."
  image: "images/about/alexandra-barbu-portrait.jpg"
  breadcrumb:
    - name: "Home"
      url: "/en/"
    - name: "About"
      url: "/en/about/"

# ============================================================================
# 2. MY STORY
# ============================================================================

my_story:
  title: "My Story"
  subtitle: "Journey to Psychotherapy"
  content: |
    ## Why I Became a Psychotherapist

    I chose the path of psychotherapy not by chance, but from deep conviction. During my psychology studies, I witnessed extraordinary transformations in the lives of people who benefited from professional therapy. I saw how people overwhelmed by anxiety learned to live with peace, how couples in conflict rediscovered connection, how old traumas can be healed.

    These experiences marked me profundly. I understood that psychotherapy is not just a profession - it's a calling, a responsibility and a privilege.

    ## My Professional Journey

    After completing my studies in Clinical Psychology at the University of Bucharest, I first worked in hospitals and clinics, then opened my own private practice. Each person I worked with taught me something new about human nature, resilience and the power of healing.

    I continued to study constantly - certifications in CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness, Systemic Therapy. Not for diplomas, but to offer my clients the most effective tools available.

    ## What Guides Me Today

    Today, after over 15 years of practice and over 5000 hours of therapy provided, I am more convinced than ever that **every person has inner resources for healing**. My role is not to "fix" someone, but to create a safe space where those resources can be discovered and activated.

    I believe in the power of empathy, the importance of scientific evidence and the uniqueness of each healing journey.
  pull_quote: "Every person has inner resources for healing - my role is to create the safe space where they can be discovered."
  pull_quote_author: "Alexandra Barbu"
  image: "images/about/alexandra-cabinet-informal.jpg"
  image_caption: "In my office, I create a warm and welcoming space for healing"

# ============================================================================
# 3. TRAINING & CERTIFICATIONS
# ============================================================================

training_certifications:
  title: "Professional Training"
  subtitle: "Education and Credentials"
  items:
    - degree: "PhD in Clinical Psychology"
      institution: "University of Bucharest"
      year: "2005"
      description: "Doctoral thesis: The effectiveness of CBT in treating anxiety disorders"
    - degree: "Master in Integrative Psychotherapy"
      institution: "University of Bucharest"
      year: "2003"
      description: "Specialization in multiple therapeutic approaches"
    - degree: "Bachelor in Psychology"
      institution: "University of Bucharest"
      year: "2000"
    - title: "CBT (Cognitive Behavioral Therapy) Certification"
      institution: "Beck Institute for Cognitive Behavior Therapy"
      year: "2008"
      type: "certification"
    - title: "EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing) Certification"
      institution: "EMDR International Association"
      year: "2012"
      type: "certification"
    - title: "Mindfulness-Based Cognitive Therapy Certification"
      institution: "Center for Mindfulness, University of Massachusetts"
      year: "2015"
      type: "certification"
    - title: "Member of Romanian College of Psychologists"
      institution: "Romanian College of Psychologists"
      year: "2001-present"
      type: "certification"
      description: "Member in good standing, ethical code respected"
    - title: "Continuous Training"
      institution: "International conferences and trainings"
      year: "Annually"
      type: "certification"
      description: "Constant participation in psychology conferences and continuous training"

# ============================================================================
# 4. VALUES & PHILOSOPHY
# ============================================================================

values_compass:
  title: "My Values"
  subtitle: "What Guides My Practice"
  description: "These fundamental principles are at the foundation of every therapy session"
  benefits:
    - title: "Compassion"
      icon: "heart"
      description: "I believe in the power of empathy and understanding. Every person deserves to be heard without judgment."
    - title: "Integrity"
      icon: "shield-alt"
      description: "Honesty and transparency in all interactions. My promises are real, not marketing."
    - title: "Collaboration"
      icon: "handshake"
      description: "We work together as partners in healing. You are the expert of your own life, I bring therapeutic expertise."
    - title: "Excellence"
      icon: "star"
      description: "Commitment to the highest professional standards. Continuous training is mandatory, not optional."
    - title: "Respect"
      icon: "user-check"
      description: "Every person is unique and deserves respect. There is no judgment, only understanding and support."
    - title: "Growth"
      icon: "seedling"
      description: "I believe everyone can grow and evolve, regardless of age or past. Change is possible."

# ============================================================================
# 5. STATS & EXPERIENCE
# ============================================================================

stats_numbers:
  title: "My Experience in Numbers"
  subtitle: "Real Data"
  description: "Over 15 years dedicated to mental health"
  stats:
    - number: "15"
      suffix: "+"
      label: "Years of Experience"
      icon: "calendar"
    - number: "500"
      suffix: "+"
      label: "Clients Helped"
      icon: "users"
    - number: "5000"
      suffix: "+"
      label: "Hours of Therapy Provided"
      icon: "clock"
    - number: "8"
      label: "Specialized Certifications"
      icon: "certificate"

# ============================================================================
# 6. MY APPROACH
# ============================================================================

approach_preview:
  title: "How I Work"
  subtitle: "Therapeutic Principles"
  description: "My approach combines the most effective methods for lasting results"
  principles:
    - title: "Evidence-Based"
      description: "I use only scientifically validated methods: CBT, DBT, ACT, EMDR. No pseudoscience, only proven techniques."
      icon: "flask"
    - title: "Personalized"
      description: "No two people are identical. Every therapy plan is adapted to your needs, values and pace."
      icon: "user-circle"
    - title: "Solution-Oriented"
      description: "The focus is on developing concrete and sustainable solutions, not just analyzing problems."
      icon: "bullseye"
    - title: "Total Transparency"
      description: "We track progress together, with clear objectives and measurable results. No surprises, just real progress."
      icon: "chart-line"
  button_text: "Discover Complete Approach"
  button_url: "/en/approach/"
  button_variant: "primary"

# ============================================================================
# 7. CTA SECTION
# ============================================================================

cta_standard:
  title: "Let's Get to Know Each Other"
  subtitle: "Free Consultation"
  description: "Book a free 30-minute consultation to see if we can work together. No obligations, completely confidential."
  button_text: "Book Consultation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "secondary"
  guarantees:
    - text: "30-minute free consultation"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "No pressure or obligations"
      icon: "shield-alt"
    - text: "100% confidentiality"
      icon: "lock"
---
