content/english/approach.md, before:

---
title: "My Therapeutic Approach"
description: "An integrative, client-centered approach based on scientific evidence and adapted to your unique needs"
layout: "flexible"
draft: false

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "values-intro"
  - type: "method-tabs"
  - type: "feature-blocks"
  - type: "values-compass"
  - type: "first-session-timeline"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# Hero Breadcrumb Section
hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "My Therapeutic Approach"
  subtitle: "An integrative, client-centered approach based on scientific evidence"
  breadcrumb:
    - name: "Home"
      url: "/en/"
    - name: "Approach"
      url: "/en/approach/"

# Values Intro Section - Philosophy Statement
values_intro:
  kicker: "My Philosophy"
  title: "An Approach Centered on **You and Your Needs**"
  description: |
    I deeply believe that each person is the expert of their own life and has the necessary resources to overcome difficulties.
    My role is to offer you a safe, empathetic and non-judgmental space where you can explore your challenges and discover
    your own solutions. I use an integrative approach, combining scientifically validated methods with cultural sensitivity and
    adaptability to your unique needs.
  button_text: "Schedule a Meeting"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "primary"

# Method Tabs Section - Main Therapeutic Methods
method_tabs:
  title: "**Evidence-Based** Therapeutic Methods"
  description: "I use a flexible combination of scientifically validated methods, adapted to your specific needs"
  methods:
    - name: "Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT)"
      slug: "cbt"
      icon: "brain"
      description: |
        CBT is a structured, solution-oriented method that helps you identify and modify
        thoughts and behaviors that contribute to your difficulties. It is effective for anxiety,
        depression, panic attacks, and many other challenges.
      benefits:
        - "Demonstrable results in 12-20 sessions"
        - "Practical tools you can use daily"
        - "Focus on present and solving current problems"
        - "Scientifically proven efficacy for many conditions"
    - name: "Emotionally Focused Therapy (EFT)"
      slug: "eft"
      icon: "heart"
      description: |
        EFT helps you understand and process your deep emotions, often rooted in early
        attachment relationships. This method is particularly useful for relational difficulties,
        attachment issues and healing emotional trauma.
      benefits:
        - "Deep processing of emotions and needs"
        - "Improving intimate relationships and secure attachment"
        - "Emotional healing and increased self-awareness"
        - "Effective for couples and individual therapy"
    - name: "Solution-Focused Therapy (SFT)"
      slug: "sft"
      icon: "lightbulb"
      description: |
        SFT emphasizes your resources, your strengths and the future you want, rather
        than past problems. It is a pragmatic approach, oriented toward concrete goals and rapid changes.
      benefits:
        - "Focus on solutions, not problems"
        - "Quick results (often in 5-8 sessions)"
        - "Using your resources and strengths"
        - "Ideal for clear and specific goals"
    - name: "Mindfulness and ACT"
      slug: "mindfulness-act"
      icon: "spa"
      description: |
        Mindfulness and Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) teach you to be present in the moment,
        accept difficult experiences and act according to your values. These methods are
        excellent for reducing stress, anxiety and increasing general wellbeing.
      benefits:
        - "Reducing stress and anxiety"
        - "Increasing self-awareness and presence"
        - "Accepting difficult experiences without avoidance"
        - "Clarifying values and value-driven action"

# Feature Blocks Section - Method Integration & What Makes My Approach Different
feature_blocks:
  - title: "Comprehensive Initial Assessment"
    subtitle: "The First Step"
    description: |
      In the first sessions, we'll explore together your challenges, your history, available resources and
      your goals. This assessment helps us establish the most suitable therapeutic approach for you.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1516302752625-fcc3c50ae61f?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Personalized Therapeutic Plan"
    subtitle: "Personalized Approach"
    description: |
      Based on the initial assessment, we'll create together a therapeutic plan adapted to your needs, combining methods
      and techniques that work best for you. This plan is flexible and adjusts as
      we progress.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1586281380349-632531db7ed4?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Continuous Monitoring and Adjustment"
    subtitle: "Measurable Progress"
    description: |
      Your progress is my priority. We regularly evaluate the effectiveness of our approach and adjust strategies
      as needed. Your feedback is essential to ensure therapy works for you.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1454165804606-c3d57bc86b40?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Methodological Integration"
    subtitle: "What Makes Me Different"
    description: |
      I combine CBT, EFT, SFT, mindfulness and other validated methods, according to your needs. I'm not limited
      by a single school of thought - I use what works best for you.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1527689368864-3a821dbccc34?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Focus on Therapeutic Relationship"
    subtitle: "Foundation of Success"
    description: |
      Research shows that therapeutic relationship quality is the strongest predictor of success in
      therapy. I invest time and energy in building a relationship based on trust, empathy and mutual respect.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1573497620053-ea5300f94f21?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Trauma-Informed Approach"
    subtitle: "Safety and Care"
    description: |
      I understand trauma's impact on your life and use gentle, safe and validated methods to
      help you process difficult experiences, without retraumatization.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1544027993-37dbfe43562a?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Continuous Psychological Education"
    subtitle: "Self-Knowledge"
    description: |
      I help you understand what's happening with you - why you react a certain way, where your emotions
      come from, how mind and body work. Self-knowledge is a powerful foundation for change.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1532012197267-da84d127e765?w=800&q=80"

# Values Compass Section - Working Principles
values_compass:
  title: "My **Working** Principles"
  description: "The values that guide my therapeutic practice and our therapeutic relationship"
  benefits:
    - title: "Empathy and Unconditional Acceptance"
      icon: "heart"
      description: |
        I offer you a safe, warm and non-judgmental space where you can feel free to explore any
        thought, emotion or experience. I believe real change begins when you feel truly understood and accepted.
    - title: "Evidence-Based Approach"
      icon: "flask"
      description: |
        I use exclusively scientifically validated methods that have demonstrated efficacy in international research.
        I constantly stay informed about the latest discoveries in psychology and psychotherapy.
    - title: "Active Collaboration"
      icon: "users"
      description: |
        You are the expert of your life. Therapy is a collaborative process where we work together to achieve
        your goals. Important decisions are made together, and your feedback shapes the therapeutic process.
    - title: "Cultural Sensitivity"
      icon: "globe"
      description: |
        I respect and embrace cultural diversity, personal values and belief systems of each
        person. My approach is flexible and adapted to your unique cultural and personal context.

# First Session Timeline Section - General Process
first_session_timeline:
  title: "How Does **The First Session** Go?"
  description: "The therapeutic process begins with an initial meeting for getting acquainted and assessment"
  steps:
    - title: "Getting Acquainted and Building Relationship"
      duration: "10-15 minutes"
      description: |
        We get to know each other, discuss your expectations from therapy and clarify any questions about the process.
        It's important to feel comfortable and safe.
      icon: "handshake"
    - title: "Exploring Your Challenges"
      duration: "20-25 minutes"
      description: |
        You'll tell me about the difficulties that brought you to therapy, their impact on your life and
        what you've tried so far. I listen carefully and ask questions to better understand your situation.
      icon: "comments"
    - title: "Setting Goals"
      duration: "10-15 minutes"
      description: |
        Together, we'll identify clear and realistic goals for therapy. What do you want to be different?
        How will you know therapy is working? We establish clear expectations and a preliminary plan.
      icon: "bullseye"
    - title: "Planning and Next Steps"
      duration: "5-10 minutes"
      description: |
        We discuss session frequency, methods we'll use and first concrete steps.
        I also offer some resources or simple exercises, if applicable.
      icon: "map-marked-alt"

# CTA Standard Section
cta_standard:
  kicker: "Take the First Step"
  title: "Ready to Begin **Your Therapeutic Journey**?"
  description: |
    The first session is always for getting acquainted, with no obligations. We can discuss your challenges and
    how I can help you, in a safe and confidential setting.
  button_text: "Schedule a Free Consultation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "primary"
  secondary_button_text: "See Services"
  secondary_button_url: "/en/services/"
  secondary_button_variant: "outline-secondary"
---

Commit message:

chore: complete legacy theme cleanup - Phase 2 & 3
Phase 2: Theme Template Cleanup
- Removed 5 deprecated section templates:
  * feature-details.html (migrated to feature-blocks)
  * first-session-timeline.html (migrated to onboarding-steps)
  * faq-content.html (migrated to faq-mini)
  * confidentiality-notice.html (migrated to privacy-guarantee)
  * service-faq-inline.html (migrated to faq-mini)
- Kept contact-info-cards & contact-options (active, not deprecated)
- Build verification: 39 RO + 33 EN pages, zero active warnings

Phase 3: Documentation & Scripts Cleanup
- Updated CLAUDE.md: section count 36 → 31 (removed 5 deprecated)
  * Core Foundation: 5 → 4
  * Interactive: 4 → 3
  * Info & Trust: 7 → 6
  * Specialized Therapy: 5 → 2
- Archived obsolete script: remove-deprecated-sections.py
- Archived completed dev docs: contact-form-legacy-migration/
- Kept working scripts for reference

Phase 2 & 3 Content Updates (from earlier phases):
- Migrated section references in 6 content files:
  * approach/abordare: onboarding-steps, faq-mini
  * contact: faq-mini, privacy-guarantee
  * resources/resurse: onboarding-steps
- Fixed SCSS variable: $color-primary-light → $color-primary-100

Results:
- Zero deprecated section warnings in active content
- Clean codebase with modern section components
- Documentation accurately reflects available sections
- All showcase files preserved for demo reference

content/english/approach.md, after:

---
title: "My Therapeutic Approach"
description: "An integrative, client-centered approach based on scientific evidence and adapted to your unique needs"
layout: "flexible"
draft: false

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "values-intro"
  - type: "method-tabs"
  - type: "feature-blocks"
  - type: "values-compass"
  - type: "onboarding-steps"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# Hero Breadcrumb Section
hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "My Therapeutic Approach"
  subtitle: "An integrative, client-centered approach based on scientific evidence"
  breadcrumb:
    - name: "Home"
      url: "/en/"
    - name: "Approach"
      url: "/en/approach/"

# Values Intro Section - Philosophy Statement
values_intro:
  kicker: "My Philosophy"
  title: "An Approach Centered on **You and Your Needs**"
  description: |
    I deeply believe that each person is the expert of their own life and has the necessary resources to overcome difficulties.
    My role is to offer you a safe, empathetic and non-judgmental space where you can explore your challenges and discover
    your own solutions. I use an integrative approach, combining scientifically validated methods with cultural sensitivity and
    adaptability to your unique needs.
  button_text: "Schedule a Meeting"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "primary"

# Method Tabs Section - Main Therapeutic Methods
method_tabs:
  title: "**Evidence-Based** Therapeutic Methods"
  description: "I use a flexible combination of scientifically validated methods, adapted to your specific needs"
  methods:
    - name: "Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT)"
      slug: "cbt"
      icon: "brain"
      description: |
        CBT is a structured, solution-oriented method that helps you identify and modify
        thoughts and behaviors that contribute to your difficulties. It is effective for anxiety,
        depression, panic attacks, and many other challenges.
      benefits:
        - "Demonstrable results in 12-20 sessions"
        - "Practical tools you can use daily"
        - "Focus on present and solving current problems"
        - "Scientifically proven efficacy for many conditions"
    - name: "Emotionally Focused Therapy (EFT)"
      slug: "eft"
      icon: "heart"
      description: |
        EFT helps you understand and process your deep emotions, often rooted in early
        attachment relationships. This method is particularly useful for relational difficulties,
        attachment issues and healing emotional trauma.
      benefits:
        - "Deep processing of emotions and needs"
        - "Improving intimate relationships and secure attachment"
        - "Emotional healing and increased self-awareness"
        - "Effective for couples and individual therapy"
    - name: "Solution-Focused Therapy (SFT)"
      slug: "sft"
      icon: "lightbulb"
      description: |
        SFT emphasizes your resources, your strengths and the future you want, rather
        than past problems. It is a pragmatic approach, oriented toward concrete goals and rapid changes.
      benefits:
        - "Focus on solutions, not problems"
        - "Quick results (often in 5-8 sessions)"
        - "Using your resources and strengths"
        - "Ideal for clear and specific goals"
    - name: "Mindfulness and ACT"
      slug: "mindfulness-act"
      icon: "spa"
      description: |
        Mindfulness and Acceptance and Commitment Therapy (ACT) teach you to be present in the moment,
        accept difficult experiences and act according to your values. These methods are
        excellent for reducing stress, anxiety and increasing general wellbeing.
      benefits:
        - "Reducing stress and anxiety"
        - "Increasing self-awareness and presence"
        - "Accepting difficult experiences without avoidance"
        - "Clarifying values and value-driven action"

# Feature Blocks Section - Method Integration & What Makes My Approach Different
feature_blocks:
  - title: "Comprehensive Initial Assessment"
    subtitle: "The First Step"
    description: |
      In the first sessions, we'll explore together your challenges, your history, available resources and
      your goals. This assessment helps us establish the most suitable therapeutic approach for you.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1516302752625-fcc3c50ae61f?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Personalized Therapeutic Plan"
    subtitle: "Personalized Approach"
    description: |
      Based on the initial assessment, we'll create together a therapeutic plan adapted to your needs, combining methods
      and techniques that work best for you. This plan is flexible and adjusts as
      we progress.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1586281380349-632531db7ed4?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Continuous Monitoring and Adjustment"
    subtitle: "Measurable Progress"
    description: |
      Your progress is my priority. We regularly evaluate the effectiveness of our approach and adjust strategies
      as needed. Your feedback is essential to ensure therapy works for you.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1454165804606-c3d57bc86b40?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Methodological Integration"
    subtitle: "What Makes Me Different"
    description: |
      I combine CBT, EFT, SFT, mindfulness and other validated methods, according to your needs. I'm not limited
      by a single school of thought - I use what works best for you.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1527689368864-3a821dbccc34?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Focus on Therapeutic Relationship"
    subtitle: "Foundation of Success"
    description: |
      Research shows that therapeutic relationship quality is the strongest predictor of success in
      therapy. I invest time and energy in building a relationship based on trust, empathy and mutual respect.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1573497620053-ea5300f94f21?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Trauma-Informed Approach"
    subtitle: "Safety and Care"
    description: |
      I understand trauma's impact on your life and use gentle, safe and validated methods to
      help you process difficult experiences, without retraumatization.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1544027993-37dbfe43562a?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Continuous Psychological Education"
    subtitle: "Self-Knowledge"
    description: |
      I help you understand what's happening with you - why you react a certain way, where your emotions
      come from, how mind and body work. Self-knowledge is a powerful foundation for change.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1532012197267-da84d127e765?w=800&q=80"

# Values Compass Section - Working Principles
values_compass:
  title: "My **Working** Principles"
  description: "The values that guide my therapeutic practice and our therapeutic relationship"
  benefits:
    - title: "Empathy and Unconditional Acceptance"
      icon: "heart"
      description: |
        I offer you a safe, warm and non-judgmental space where you can feel free to explore any
        thought, emotion or experience. I believe real change begins when you feel truly understood and accepted.
    - title: "Evidence-Based Approach"
      icon: "flask"
      description: |
        I use exclusively scientifically validated methods that have demonstrated efficacy in international research.
        I constantly stay informed about the latest discoveries in psychology and psychotherapy.
    - title: "Active Collaboration"
      icon: "users"
      description: |
        You are the expert of your life. Therapy is a collaborative process where we work together to achieve
        your goals. Important decisions are made together, and your feedback shapes the therapeutic process.
    - title: "Cultural Sensitivity"
      icon: "globe"
      description: |
        I respect and embrace cultural diversity, personal values and belief systems of each
        person. My approach is flexible and adapted to your unique cultural and personal context.

# Onboarding Steps Section - General Process
onboarding_steps:
  title: "How Does **The First Session** Go?"
  intro: "The therapeutic process begins with an initial meeting for getting acquainted and assessment"
  steps:
    - title: "Getting Acquainted and Building Relationship"
      duration: "10-15 minutes"
      description: |
        We get to know each other, discuss your expectations from therapy and clarify any questions about the process.
        It's important to feel comfortable and safe.
      icon: "handshake"
    - title: "Exploring Your Challenges"
      duration: "20-25 minutes"
      description: |
        You'll tell me about the difficulties that brought you to therapy, their impact on your life and
        what you've tried so far. I listen carefully and ask questions to better understand your situation.
      icon: "comments"
    - title: "Setting Goals"
      duration: "10-15 minutes"
      description: |
        Together, we'll identify clear and realistic goals for therapy. What do you want to be different?
        How will you know therapy is working? We establish clear expectations and a preliminary plan.
      icon: "bullseye"
    - title: "Planning and Next Steps"
      duration: "5-10 minutes"
      description: |
        We discuss session frequency, methods we'll use and first concrete steps.
        I also offer some resources or simple exercises, if applicable.
      icon: "map-marked-alt"

# CTA Standard Section
cta_standard:
  kicker: "Take the First Step"
  title: "Ready to Begin **Your Therapeutic Journey**?"
  description: |
    The first session is always for getting acquainted, with no obligations. We can discuss your challenges and
    how I can help you, in a safe and confidential setting.
  button_text: "Schedule a Free Consultation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "primary"
  secondary_button_text: "See Services"
  secondary_button_url: "/en/services/"
  secondary_button_variant: "outline-secondary"
---
