content/english/contact.md, before:

---
title: "Contact"
description: "Schedule a consultation at the office or online. I respond within 24 hours. Individual, couples and family therapy sessions."
layout: "flexible"
draft: false

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "contact-info-cards"
  - type: "contact-options"
  - type: "contact-form-enhanced"
  - type: "feature-details"
  - type: "pricing-tables"
  - type: "faq-content"
  - type: "confidentiality-notice"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# Hero Breadcrumb Section
hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "Contact"
  subtitle: "Schedule a confidential consultation. I respond within 24 hours."
  breadcrumb:
    - name: "Home"
      url: "/en/"
    - name: "Contact"
      url: "/en/contact/"

# Contact Info Cards Section
contact_info_cards:
  title: "How to **Contact Me**"
  description: "Choose the method that suits you best"
  cards:
    - title: "Phone"
      icon: "phone"
      value: "+40 721 234 567"
      description: "Monday - Friday: 09:00 - 20:00 | Saturday: 10:00 - 14:00"
      link: "tel:+40721234567"
      link_text: "Call Now"
    - title: "Email"
      icon: "envelope"
      value: "contact@alexandrabarbu.ro"
      description: "I respond within 24 hours (business days)"
      link: "mailto:contact@alexandrabarbu.ro"
      link_text: "Send Email"
    - title: "WhatsApp"
      icon: "lab la-whatsapp"
      value: "+40 721 234 567"
      description: "Text or voice messages, I respond quickly"
      link: "https://wa.me/40721234567"
      link_text: "Open WhatsApp"
    - title: "Bucharest Office"
      icon: "map-marker-alt"
      value: "Doamnei St. no. 12, Sector 3"
      description: "Bucharest 030167, Romania"
      link: "https://maps.google.com/?q=Str.+Doamnei+12+Bucuresti"
      link_text: "View on Map"
  map:
    enable: true
    title: "Office Location"
    embed_url: "https://maps.google.com/maps?q=Str.%20Doamnei%2012%20Bucuresti&t=&z=15&ie=UTF8&iwloc=&output=embed"
    description: "Private office in central Bucharest, easily accessible by public transport or personal car. Parking available in the area."

# Contact Options Section
contact_options:
  title: "Session **Options**"
  description: "Complete flexibility - choose what suits you"
  options:
    - title: "Office Sessions"
      icon: "clinic-medical"
      description: |
        Face-to-face meetings in a confidential, comfortable and safe space in central Bucharest.
        Warm, professional and non-judgmental atmosphere.
      features:
        - "Total confidentiality"
        - "Private and comfortable space"
        - "Easy access by public transport"
        - "Parking available in area"
      button_text: "See Location"
      button_url: "#contact-info"
      button_variant: "primary"
    - title: "Online Sessions"
      icon: "video"
      description: |
        Equally effective therapy, from the comfort of your home. I use secure platforms (Zoom, Google Meet)
        with end-to-end encryption to protect confidentiality.
      features:
        - "Scientifically proven efficacy"
        - "Secure and encrypted connection"
        - "Schedule flexibility"
        - "Ideal for people in other cities"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_url: "/en/services/"
      button_variant: "secondary"

# Contact Form Enhanced Section
contact_form_enhanced:
  title: "Schedule a **Free Consultation**"
  subtitle: "The first conversation is without obligations"
  description: |
    Complete the form below and I will contact you within 24 hours to establish together
    the first step towards a more balanced life. All information is confidential.
  form_action: "https://formspree.io/f/your-form-id"
  fields:
    - name: "name"
      label: "Full name"
      type: "text"
      placeholder: "John Smith"
      required: true
    - name: "email"
      label: "Email"
      type: "email"
      placeholder: "john.smith@example.com"
      required: true
    - name: "phone"
      label: "Phone"
      type: "tel"
      placeholder: "+40 712 345 678"
      required: false
    - name: "service"
      label: "Type of service"
      type: "select"
      options:
        - "Individual Therapy"
        - "Couples Therapy"
        - "Family Therapy"
        - "Organizational Psychology"
        - "Not sure - I would like a consultation"
      required: true
    - name: "preferred_contact"
      label: "Preferred contact method"
      type: "radio"
      options:
        - "Email"
        - "Phone"
        - "WhatsApp"
      required: true
    - name: "message"
      label: "Your message (optional)"
      type: "textarea"
      placeholder: "Briefly describe why you want therapy and any questions you have..."
      required: false
    - name: "privacy"
      label: "I agree with the <a href='/terms-and-conditions/'>privacy policy</a> and data processing according to GDPR"
      type: "checkbox"
      required: true
  submit_button_text: "Send Request"
  success_message: "Thank you for your message! I will respond within 24 hours."
  calendly:
    enable: true
    url: "https://calendly.com/alexandrabarbu/consultation"
    button_text: "Or Schedule Directly Online"

# Feature Details Section - Free Consultation
feature_details:
  kicker: "No Obligations"
  title: "The First Consultation **Is Free**"
  description: |
    I understand that seeking help can be a difficult step. That's why I offer you the first meeting free (20-30 minutes)
    to get to know each other, discuss your challenges and see if my approach suits you.
    No pressure, no obligations.
  features:
    - title: "Free Initial Assessment"
      description: |
        20-30 minutes where we discuss your situation, your expectations from therapy and how I can help you.
        I also explain the therapeutic process and answer any questions you have.
      icon: "user-check"
    - title: "Comfort and Confidentiality"
      description: |
        You will feel heard, understood and respected. Confidentiality is guaranteed through the code of ethics
        and GDPR legislation. Nothing we discuss leaves the office without your consent.
      icon: "lock"
    - title: "Informed Decision"
      description: |
        After the initial meeting, you'll have all the information needed to decide if you want to continue.
        There's no pressure or obligations. Therapy works best when it's your free choice.
      icon: "hand-holding-heart"
    - title: "Quick Response"
      description: |
        I respond to all messages within 24 hours (usually same business day). Scheduling is done quickly,
        often in the same week, depending on availability.
      icon: "clock"

# Pricing Tables Section
pricing_tables:
  title: "**Transparent** Rates"
  description: "No hidden costs. Discount packages available."
  toggle:
    enable: false
  packages:
    - name: "Individual Session"
      price: "250"
      currency: "RON"
      duration: "/ 50 minutes"
      description: "One individual therapy session face-to-face or online"
      features:
        - text: "50 minute session"
          included: true
        - text: "At office or online"
          included: true
        - text: "Evidence-based methods (CBT, EFT, SFT, ACT)"
          included: true
        - text: "Personalized materials and exercises"
          included: true
        - text: "Support between sessions (email)"
          included: true
      button_text: "Schedule"
      button_url: "#contact-form"
      button_variant: "outline-primary"
      featured: false
    - name: "5-Session Package"
      price: "1,150"
      currency: "RON"
      duration: "/ 5 sessions"
      description: "Discount package for medium-term therapy"
      badge: "Save 100 RON"
      features:
        - text: "5 sessions × 50 minutes (250 RON/session → 230 RON/session)"
          included: true
        - text: "All individual session benefits"
          included: true
        - text: "Scheduling flexibility"
          included: true
        - text: "Valid for 3 months"
          included: true
        - text: "Progress evaluation included"
          included: true
      button_text: "Choose Package"
      button_url: "#contact-form"
      button_variant: "primary"
      featured: true
    - name: "Couples/Family Therapy"
      price: "350"
      currency: "RON"
      duration: "/ 75 minutes"
      description: "Extended session for couples or family therapy"
      features:
        - text: "75 minute session"
          included: true
        - text: "At office or online"
          included: true
        - text: "Validated methods (Gottman, EFT, structural)"
          included: true
        - text: "Homework exercises"
          included: true
        - text: "Support between sessions"
          included: true
      button_text: "Schedule"
      button_url: "#contact-form"
      button_variant: "outline-primary"
      featured: false
  note: "Rates include VAT. You can pay cash, card or bank transfer. We issue fiscal invoices."

# FAQ Content Section
faq_content:
  title: "Frequently **Asked Questions**"
  description: "Answers to the most common questions about scheduling and the therapeutic process"
  categories:
    - name: "Scheduling and Access"
      slug: "scheduling"
      questions:
        - question: "How long until I receive a response?"
          answer: |
            I respond to all messages within 24 business hours (usually same day). If you send
            a message Friday evening or weekend, I will respond Monday morning.
        - question: "Can I schedule an online session?"
          answer: |
            Yes, absolutely! I offer sessions both face-to-face at the office and online through secure
            encrypted platforms (Zoom, Google Meet). Online therapy effectiveness is scientifically demonstrated and is
            as effective as face-to-face therapy.
        - question: "How quickly can I get an appointment?"
          answer: |
            Usually I can offer an appointment in the same week or next, depending on my
            and your availability. For emergencies, I try to find a slot as soon as possible.
    - name: "Rates and Payments"
      slug: "rates"
      questions:
        - question: "How much does a therapy session cost?"
          answer: |
            The rate for an individual session (50 minutes) is 250 RON. For couples/family therapy
            (75 minutes) it is 350 RON. I also offer discount packages: 5 sessions for 1,150 RON (save 100 RON).
        - question: "How can I pay for sessions?"
          answer: |
            You can pay cash, by card at the office or by bank transfer. Payment is usually made at the end
            of each session. For packages, payment can be made in advance. We issue fiscal invoices.
        - question: "Can I cancel or reschedule a session?"
          answer: |
            Yes, with at least 24 hours before the session. Cancellations made less than 24h before are charged
            in full, except for proven medical emergencies.
    - name: "Confidentiality and Safety"
      slug: "confidentiality"
      questions:
        - question: "Is the information I share safe?"
          answer: |
            Absolutely. Confidentiality is fundamental in psychotherapy and is protected by:
            1) Psychologists' code of ethics (professional secrecy)
            2) GDPR legislation for data protection
            3) Nothing we discuss leaves the office without your explicit written consent
            Legal exceptions (risk of harm, abuse) are explained in the first contract.
        - question: "Is my personal data safe?"
          answer: |
            Yes. Your personal data is stored securely, encrypted and is accessible only to me.
            I will never share it with third parties without your explicit consent, except for legal obligations.
    - name: "Therapeutic Process"
      slug: "process"
      questions:
        - question: "How do I prepare for the first session?"
          answer: |
            No special preparation needed. Come as you are, with your questions and concerns.
            In the first session we'll discuss why you're seeking therapy, your expectations and
            establish goals together. I recommend being open and honest.
        - question: "How long does the therapeutic process take?"
          answer: |
            Duration varies depending on the problems you're facing and your goals. Some people
            notice improvements in 5-8 sessions (short therapy), others benefit from 12-20 sessions
            (medium therapy), and in complex cases (trauma, deep problems) it may take 6-12 months or more.
            We evaluate progress regularly together.

# Confidentiality Notice Section
confidentiality_notice:
  title: "Emergencies and **Crisis Situations**"
  description: |
    **Important:** My office does NOT offer 24/7 psychiatric emergency services or crisis intervention.

    **If you are in an emergency situation** (suicidal thoughts, acute crisis, risk of harm), please contact:

    - **Suicide Prevention Hotline:** 0800 801 200 (free, 24/7, confidential)
    - **Emergency Services:** 112
    - **"Alexandru Obregia" Psychiatric Hospital:** 021 334 5894 (Emergency)

    For non-emergency situations, I will contact you within 24 business hours.
  variant: "warning"

# CTA Standard Section
cta_standard:
  kicker: "Take the First Step Today"
  title: "Ready to **Begin Your Journey**?"
  description: |
    Asking for help is a sign of courage and self-compassion. Every journey begins with a first step.
    I offer you a safe, empathetic and non-judgmental space to explore your challenges and discover
    your own solutions.
  button_text: "Schedule Free Consultation"
  button_url: "#contact-form"
  button_variant: "primary"
  secondary_button_text: "Call Now"
  secondary_button_url: "tel:+40721234567"
  secondary_button_variant: "secondary"
---

Commit message:

feat: migrate feature-details to feature-blocks (4 pages)
Phase 1.1: Complete feature-details → feature-blocks migration for contact
and approach pages (Romanian + English language parity maintained).

Changes:
- contact.md (RO/EN): Migrated feature-details to feature-blocks
  - Converted 4 icon-based features to 1 feature-blocks item
  - Added placeholder image (images/consultation-room.jpg)
  - Consolidated features into bulleted list format

- abordare.md/approach.md (RO/EN): Migrated feature-details to feature-blocks
  - Extended existing 3 feature-blocks items with 4 new items
  - Converted "What Makes My Approach Different" section
  - Added Unsplash images for all 7 feature-blocks items
  - Removed deprecated feature-details data blocks

Benefits:
- Enhanced v4.0 component with parallax scrolling
- Better visual hierarchy and glassmorphism effects
- Zigzag layout for improved readability
- All sections now use modern feature-blocks component

Build verification: ✅ 577ms, zero deprecated section warnings

Part of: Legacy Theme Cleanup Phase 1 (feature-details migration)
Refs: dev/active/legacy-theme-cleanup-2025-11-23-1430

content/english/contact.md, after:

---
title: "Contact"
description: "Schedule a consultation at the office or online. I respond within 24 hours. Individual, couples and family therapy sessions."
layout: "flexible"
draft: false

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "contact-info-cards"
  - type: "contact-options"
  - type: "contact-form-enhanced"
  - type: "feature-blocks"
  - type: "pricing-tables"
  - type: "faq-content"
  - type: "confidentiality-notice"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# Hero Breadcrumb Section
hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "Contact"
  subtitle: "Schedule a confidential consultation. I respond within 24 hours."
  breadcrumb:
    - name: "Home"
      url: "/en/"
    - name: "Contact"
      url: "/en/contact/"

# Contact Info Cards Section
contact_info_cards:
  title: "How to **Contact Me**"
  description: "Choose the method that suits you best"
  cards:
    - title: "Phone"
      icon: "phone"
      value: "+40 721 234 567"
      description: "Monday - Friday: 09:00 - 20:00 | Saturday: 10:00 - 14:00"
      link: "tel:+40721234567"
      link_text: "Call Now"
    - title: "Email"
      icon: "envelope"
      value: "contact@alexandrabarbu.ro"
      description: "I respond within 24 hours (business days)"
      link: "mailto:contact@alexandrabarbu.ro"
      link_text: "Send Email"
    - title: "WhatsApp"
      icon: "lab la-whatsapp"
      value: "+40 721 234 567"
      description: "Text or voice messages, I respond quickly"
      link: "https://wa.me/40721234567"
      link_text: "Open WhatsApp"
    - title: "Bucharest Office"
      icon: "map-marker-alt"
      value: "Doamnei St. no. 12, Sector 3"
      description: "Bucharest 030167, Romania"
      link: "https://maps.google.com/?q=Str.+Doamnei+12+Bucuresti"
      link_text: "View on Map"
  map:
    enable: true
    title: "Office Location"
    embed_url: "https://maps.google.com/maps?q=Str.%20Doamnei%2012%20Bucuresti&t=&z=15&ie=UTF8&iwloc=&output=embed"
    description: "Private office in central Bucharest, easily accessible by public transport or personal car. Parking available in the area."

# Contact Options Section
contact_options:
  title: "Session **Options**"
  description: "Complete flexibility - choose what suits you"
  options:
    - title: "Office Sessions"
      icon: "clinic-medical"
      description: |
        Face-to-face meetings in a confidential, comfortable and safe space in central Bucharest.
        Warm, professional and non-judgmental atmosphere.
      features:
        - "Total confidentiality"
        - "Private and comfortable space"
        - "Easy access by public transport"
        - "Parking available in area"
      button_text: "See Location"
      button_url: "#contact-info"
      button_variant: "primary"
    - title: "Online Sessions"
      icon: "video"
      description: |
        Equally effective therapy, from the comfort of your home. I use secure platforms (Zoom, Google Meet)
        with end-to-end encryption to protect confidentiality.
      features:
        - "Scientifically proven efficacy"
        - "Secure and encrypted connection"
        - "Schedule flexibility"
        - "Ideal for people in other cities"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_url: "/en/services/"
      button_variant: "secondary"

# Contact Form Enhanced Section
contact_form_enhanced:
  title: "Schedule a **Free Consultation**"
  subtitle: "The first conversation is without obligations"
  description: |
    Complete the form below and I will contact you within 24 hours to establish together
    the first step towards a more balanced life. All information is confidential.
  form_action: "https://formspree.io/f/your-form-id"
  fields:
    - name: "name"
      label: "Full name"
      type: "text"
      placeholder: "John Smith"
      required: true
    - name: "email"
      label: "Email"
      type: "email"
      placeholder: "john.smith@example.com"
      required: true
    - name: "phone"
      label: "Phone"
      type: "tel"
      placeholder: "+40 712 345 678"
      required: false
    - name: "service"
      label: "Type of service"
      type: "select"
      options:
        - "Individual Therapy"
        - "Couples Therapy"
        - "Family Therapy"
        - "Organizational Psychology"
        - "Not sure - I would like a consultation"
      required: true
    - name: "preferred_contact"
      label: "Preferred contact method"
      type: "radio"
      options:
        - "Email"
        - "Phone"
        - "WhatsApp"
      required: true
    - name: "message"
      label: "Your message (optional)"
      type: "textarea"
      placeholder: "Briefly describe why you want therapy and any questions you have..."
      required: false
    - name: "privacy"
      label: "I agree with the <a href='/terms-and-conditions/'>privacy policy</a> and data processing according to GDPR"
      type: "checkbox"
      required: true
  submit_button_text: "Send Request"
  success_message: "Thank you for your message! I will respond within 24 hours."
  calendly:
    enable: true
    url: "https://calendly.com/alexandrabarbu/consultation"
    button_text: "Or Schedule Directly Online"

# Feature Blocks Section - Free Consultation
feature_blocks:
  - subtitle: "No Obligations"
    title: "The First Consultation **Is Free**"
    description: |
      I understand that seeking help can be a difficult step. That's why I offer you the first meeting free (20-30 minutes)
      to get to know each other, discuss your challenges and see if my approach suits you.
      No pressure, no obligations.
    features:
      - "Free initial assessment (20-30 minutes)"
      - "Comfort and confidentiality guaranteed"
      - "Informed decision, no pressure"
      - "Quick response within 24 hours"
    image: "images/consultation-room.jpg"

# Pricing Tables Section
pricing_tables:
  title: "**Transparent** Rates"
  description: "No hidden costs. Discount packages available."
  toggle:
    enable: false
  packages:
    - name: "Individual Session"
      price: "250"
      currency: "RON"
      duration: "/ 50 minutes"
      description: "One individual therapy session face-to-face or online"
      features:
        - text: "50 minute session"
          included: true
        - text: "At office or online"
          included: true
        - text: "Evidence-based methods (CBT, EFT, SFT, ACT)"
          included: true
        - text: "Personalized materials and exercises"
          included: true
        - text: "Support between sessions (email)"
          included: true
      button_text: "Schedule"
      button_url: "#contact-form"
      button_variant: "outline-primary"
      featured: false
    - name: "5-Session Package"
      price: "1,150"
      currency: "RON"
      duration: "/ 5 sessions"
      description: "Discount package for medium-term therapy"
      badge: "Save 100 RON"
      features:
        - text: "5 sessions × 50 minutes (250 RON/session → 230 RON/session)"
          included: true
        - text: "All individual session benefits"
          included: true
        - text: "Scheduling flexibility"
          included: true
        - text: "Valid for 3 months"
          included: true
        - text: "Progress evaluation included"
          included: true
      button_text: "Choose Package"
      button_url: "#contact-form"
      button_variant: "primary"
      featured: true
    - name: "Couples/Family Therapy"
      price: "350"
      currency: "RON"
      duration: "/ 75 minutes"
      description: "Extended session for couples or family therapy"
      features:
        - text: "75 minute session"
          included: true
        - text: "At office or online"
          included: true
        - text: "Validated methods (Gottman, EFT, structural)"
          included: true
        - text: "Homework exercises"
          included: true
        - text: "Support between sessions"
          included: true
      button_text: "Schedule"
      button_url: "#contact-form"
      button_variant: "outline-primary"
      featured: false
  note: "Rates include VAT. You can pay cash, card or bank transfer. We issue fiscal invoices."

# FAQ Content Section
faq_content:
  title: "Frequently **Asked Questions**"
  description: "Answers to the most common questions about scheduling and the therapeutic process"
  categories:
    - name: "Scheduling and Access"
      slug: "scheduling"
      questions:
        - question: "How long until I receive a response?"
          answer: |
            I respond to all messages within 24 business hours (usually same day). If you send
            a message Friday evening or weekend, I will respond Monday morning.
        - question: "Can I schedule an online session?"
          answer: |
            Yes, absolutely! I offer sessions both face-to-face at the office and online through secure
            encrypted platforms (Zoom, Google Meet). Online therapy effectiveness is scientifically demonstrated and is
            as effective as face-to-face therapy.
        - question: "How quickly can I get an appointment?"
          answer: |
            Usually I can offer an appointment in the same week or next, depending on my
            and your availability. For emergencies, I try to find a slot as soon as possible.
    - name: "Rates and Payments"
      slug: "rates"
      questions:
        - question: "How much does a therapy session cost?"
          answer: |
            The rate for an individual session (50 minutes) is 250 RON. For couples/family therapy
            (75 minutes) it is 350 RON. I also offer discount packages: 5 sessions for 1,150 RON (save 100 RON).
        - question: "How can I pay for sessions?"
          answer: |
            You can pay cash, by card at the office or by bank transfer. Payment is usually made at the end
            of each session. For packages, payment can be made in advance. We issue fiscal invoices.
        - question: "Can I cancel or reschedule a session?"
          answer: |
            Yes, with at least 24 hours before the session. Cancellations made less than 24h before are charged
            in full, except for proven medical emergencies.
    - name: "Confidentiality and Safety"
      slug: "confidentiality"
      questions:
        - question: "Is the information I share safe?"
          answer: |
            Absolutely. Confidentiality is fundamental in psychotherapy and is protected by:
            1) Psychologists' code of ethics (professional secrecy)
            2) GDPR legislation for data protection
            3) Nothing we discuss leaves the office without your explicit written consent
            Legal exceptions (risk of harm, abuse) are explained in the first contract.
        - question: "Is my personal data safe?"
          answer: |
            Yes. Your personal data is stored securely, encrypted and is accessible only to me.
            I will never share it with third parties without your explicit consent, except for legal obligations.
    - name: "Therapeutic Process"
      slug: "process"
      questions:
        - question: "How do I prepare for the first session?"
          answer: |
            No special preparation needed. Come as you are, with your questions and concerns.
            In the first session we'll discuss why you're seeking therapy, your expectations and
            establish goals together. I recommend being open and honest.
        - question: "How long does the therapeutic process take?"
          answer: |
            Duration varies depending on the problems you're facing and your goals. Some people
            notice improvements in 5-8 sessions (short therapy), others benefit from 12-20 sessions
            (medium therapy), and in complex cases (trauma, deep problems) it may take 6-12 months or more.
            We evaluate progress regularly together.

# Confidentiality Notice Section
confidentiality_notice:
  title: "Emergencies and **Crisis Situations**"
  description: |
    **Important:** My office does NOT offer 24/7 psychiatric emergency services or crisis intervention.

    **If you are in an emergency situation** (suicidal thoughts, acute crisis, risk of harm), please contact:

    - **Suicide Prevention Hotline:** 0800 801 200 (free, 24/7, confidential)
    - **Emergency Services:** 112
    - **"Alexandru Obregia" Psychiatric Hospital:** 021 334 5894 (Emergency)

    For non-emergency situations, I will contact you within 24 business hours.
  variant: "warning"

# CTA Standard Section
cta_standard:
  kicker: "Take the First Step Today"
  title: "Ready to **Begin Your Journey**?"
  description: |
    Asking for help is a sign of courage and self-compassion. Every journey begins with a first step.
    I offer you a safe, empathetic and non-judgmental space to explore your challenges and discover
    your own solutions.
  button_text: "Schedule Free Consultation"
  button_url: "#contact-form"
  button_variant: "primary"
  secondary_button_text: "Call Now"
  secondary_button_url: "tel:+40721234567"
  secondary_button_variant: "secondary"
---
