content/english/resources.md, before:

---
title: "Free Resources"
description: "Articles, guides, practical exercises and free resources for your mental health and personal development"
layout: "flexible"
draft: false

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "values-intro"
  - type: "method-tabs"
  - type: "feature-blocks"
  - type: "blog-grid"
  - type: "newsletter-signup"
  - type: "first-session-timeline"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# Hero Breadcrumb Section
hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "Free Resources"
  subtitle: "Articles, guides and practical exercises for your mental health"
  breadcrumb:
    - name: "Home"
      url: "/en/"
    - name: "Resources"
      url: "/en/resources/"

# Values Intro Section
values_intro:
  kicker: "Learn and Grow"
  title: "Scientifically **Validated Resources for Your Wellbeing**"
  description: |
    I provide you with a curated collection of articles, practical guides and exercises based on research
    in psychology and psychotherapy. All resources are created to help you better understand your challenges
    and discover practical tools you can use immediately. These resources complement the
    therapeutic process, but do not replace it.
  button_text: "Explore Resources"
  button_url: "#resources"
  button_variant: "primary"

# Method Tabs Section - Category Filters
method_tabs:
  title: "Explore by **Categories**"
  description: "Quickly find the resources you need"
  methods:
    - name: "Anxiety and Stress"
      slug: "anxiety"
      icon: "wind"
      description: |
        Articles and exercises for managing anxiety, panic attacks, chronic stress and
        excessive worries. Relaxation, breathing and mindfulness techniques.
      benefits:
        - "Anxiety management techniques"
        - "Breathing and relaxation exercises"
        - "Understanding panic attacks"
        - "Mindfulness tools"
    - name: "Depression and Mood"
      slug: "depression"
      icon: "cloud-rain"
      description: |
        Resources about depression, persistent sadness, loss of motivation and low energy. Behavioral
        and cognitive strategies for improving mood.
      benefits:
        - "Understanding depression"
        - "Behavioral activation"
        - "Balanced thinking"
        - "Healthy daily routines"
    - name: "Relationships and Communication"
      slug: "relationships"
      icon: "user-friends"
      description: |
        Guides about effective communication, conflict resolution, building healthy relationships and
        setting personal boundaries.
      benefits:
        - "Assertive communication"
        - "Conflict resolution"
        - "Setting boundaries"
        - "Empathy and active listening"
    - name: "Mindfulness and Self-Awareness"
      slug: "mindfulness"
      icon: "spa"
      description: |
        Mindfulness practices, meditation, body awareness and increasing self-awareness.
        Techniques for living in the present.
      benefits:
        - "Guided meditation exercises"
        - "Body scan and muscle relaxation"
        - "Acceptance and non-judgment"
        - "Presence and awareness"
    - name: "Personal Development"
      slug: "development"
      icon: "seedling"
      description: |
        Articles about resilience, personal values, life goals, self-compassion and continuous growth.
        Resources to discover your potential.
      benefits:
        - "Clarifying values"
        - "Setting goals"
        - "Self-compassion"
        - "Resilience and adaptability"

# Feature Blocks Section - Featured Resources & Downloadable Materials
feature_blocks:
  - title: "Complete Guide: Managing Anxiety"
    subtitle: "Free PDF Guide"
    description: |
      A practical 20-page guide with scientifically validated techniques for reducing anxiety. Includes
      breathing exercises, mindfulness, cognitive restructuring and personalized action plans.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1506126613408-eca07ce68773?w=800&h=600&fit=crop"
  - title: "5 Mindfulness Exercises for Beginners"
    subtitle: "Guided Audio"
    description: |
      Simple 5-10 minute exercises you can do anywhere. Perfect for beginners. Includes
      guided audio and step-by-step instructions.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1545389336-cf090694435e?w=800&h=600&fit=crop"
  - title: "Thoughts and Emotions Journal"
    subtitle: "Downloadable Template"
    description: |
      A downloadable template to monitor your thoughts, emotions and behaviors. Essential tool
      in cognitive-behavioral therapy.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1455390582262-044cdead277a?w=800&h=600&fit=crop"
  - title: "Complete Anxiety Management Guide"
    subtitle: "Downloadable Materials"
    description: |
      20 pages with CBT techniques, mindfulness, breathing exercises and action plans. PDF format,
      free download.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1506126613408-eca07ce68773?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Thoughts and Emotions Journal Template"
    subtitle: "Practical Tool"
    description: |
      Essential tool for self-observation and cognitive restructuring. Includes complete
      usage instructions. Downloadable and printable format.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1517842645767-c639042777db?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Mindfulness and Relaxation Audio Exercises"
    subtitle: "Guided Audio"
    description: |
      5 guided audio exercises (5-15 minutes each): body scan, conscious breathing, focused meditation,
      progressive muscle relaxation, calming visualization.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1545389336-cf090694435e?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Weekly Wellbeing Planner"
    subtitle: "Weekly Template"
    description: |
      Template for planning pleasant activities, monitoring mood, setting goals
      and tracking progress. Perfect for behavioral activation.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1484480974693-6ca0a78fb36b?w=800&q=80"

# Blog Grid Section - Main Resources
blog_grid:
  title: "All **Resources**"
  description: "Explore the complete collection of articles, guides and exercises"
  categories:
    - name: "All"
      slug: "all"
    - name: "Anxiety"
      slug: "anxiety"
    - name: "Depression"
      slug: "depression"
    - name: "Relationships"
      slug: "relationships"
    - name: "Mindfulness"
      slug: "mindfulness"
    - name: "Development"
      slug: "development"
  items: []  # Placeholder - will be populated with actual blog posts

# Newsletter Signup Section
newsletter_signup:
  title: "Subscribe to **Newsletter**"
  description: |
    Receive monthly new articles, practical exercises, workshop invitations and exclusive resources directly in your inbox.
    No spam, only quality content.
  placeholder: "Your email address"
  button_text: "Subscribe Free"
  button_variant: "primary"
  privacy_text: "We will never send you spam. You can unsubscribe anytime."

# First Session Timeline Section - Workshops and Events
first_session_timeline:
  title: "Live **Workshops and Events**"
  description: "Participate in interactive online sessions to learn and practice together"
  steps:
    - title: "Mindfulness Workshop for Beginners (Online)"
      duration: "2 hours"
      description: |
        A practical introduction to mindfulness with guided exercises, interactive discussions and downloadable materials.
        Ideal for beginners. Next date: TBD.
      icon: "video"
    - title: "Managing Anxiety - Live Q&A Session"
      duration: "1 hour"
      description: |
        Interactive question and answer session about anxiety, panic attacks and management strategies.
        Free for all interested persons. Next date: TBD.
      icon: "comments"
    - title: "Assertive Communication in Relationships"
      duration: "90 minutes"
      description: |
        Practical workshop to learn to communicate clearly, set healthy boundaries and resolve conflicts
        constructively. Includes role exercises. Next date: TBD.
      icon: "users"
    - title: "Therapeutic Journaling - How to Write for Healing"
      duration: "1 hour"
      description: |
        Discover the power of therapeutic writing. Journaling techniques, prompts and guided exercises for
        processing emotions and self-reflection. Next date: TBD.
      icon: "pen"

# CTA Standard Section
cta_standard:
  kicker: "Need Personalized Support?"
  title: "Free Resources Are a **Start, Not a Complete Solution**"
  description: |
    These resources can be very helpful, but they don't replace personalized therapy. If you're facing persistent
    difficulties, severe anxiety, depression or any other challenge affecting your life, I encourage you
    to schedule a consultation.
  button_text: "Schedule a Consultation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "primary"
  secondary_button_text: "See Services"
  secondary_button_url: "/en/services/"
  secondary_button_variant: "outline-secondary"
---

Commit message:

chore: complete legacy theme cleanup - Phase 2 & 3
Phase 2: Theme Template Cleanup
- Removed 5 deprecated section templates:
  * feature-details.html (migrated to feature-blocks)
  * first-session-timeline.html (migrated to onboarding-steps)
  * faq-content.html (migrated to faq-mini)
  * confidentiality-notice.html (migrated to privacy-guarantee)
  * service-faq-inline.html (migrated to faq-mini)
- Kept contact-info-cards & contact-options (active, not deprecated)
- Build verification: 39 RO + 33 EN pages, zero active warnings

Phase 3: Documentation & Scripts Cleanup
- Updated CLAUDE.md: section count 36 → 31 (removed 5 deprecated)
  * Core Foundation: 5 → 4
  * Interactive: 4 → 3
  * Info & Trust: 7 → 6
  * Specialized Therapy: 5 → 2
- Archived obsolete script: remove-deprecated-sections.py
- Archived completed dev docs: contact-form-legacy-migration/
- Kept working scripts for reference

Phase 2 & 3 Content Updates (from earlier phases):
- Migrated section references in 6 content files:
  * approach/abordare: onboarding-steps, faq-mini
  * contact: faq-mini, privacy-guarantee
  * resources/resurse: onboarding-steps
- Fixed SCSS variable: $color-primary-light → $color-primary-100

Results:
- Zero deprecated section warnings in active content
- Clean codebase with modern section components
- Documentation accurately reflects available sections
- All showcase files preserved for demo reference

content/english/resources.md, after:

---
title: "Free Resources"
description: "Articles, guides, practical exercises and free resources for your mental health and personal development"
layout: "flexible"
draft: false

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "values-intro"
  - type: "method-tabs"
  - type: "feature-blocks"
  - type: "blog-grid"
  - type: "newsletter-signup"
  - type: "onboarding-steps"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# Hero Breadcrumb Section
hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "Free Resources"
  subtitle: "Articles, guides and practical exercises for your mental health"
  breadcrumb:
    - name: "Home"
      url: "/en/"
    - name: "Resources"
      url: "/en/resources/"

# Values Intro Section
values_intro:
  kicker: "Learn and Grow"
  title: "Scientifically **Validated Resources for Your Wellbeing**"
  description: |
    I provide you with a curated collection of articles, practical guides and exercises based on research
    in psychology and psychotherapy. All resources are created to help you better understand your challenges
    and discover practical tools you can use immediately. These resources complement the
    therapeutic process, but do not replace it.
  button_text: "Explore Resources"
  button_url: "#resources"
  button_variant: "primary"

# Method Tabs Section - Category Filters
method_tabs:
  title: "Explore by **Categories**"
  description: "Quickly find the resources you need"
  methods:
    - name: "Anxiety and Stress"
      slug: "anxiety"
      icon: "wind"
      description: |
        Articles and exercises for managing anxiety, panic attacks, chronic stress and
        excessive worries. Relaxation, breathing and mindfulness techniques.
      benefits:
        - "Anxiety management techniques"
        - "Breathing and relaxation exercises"
        - "Understanding panic attacks"
        - "Mindfulness tools"
    - name: "Depression and Mood"
      slug: "depression"
      icon: "cloud-rain"
      description: |
        Resources about depression, persistent sadness, loss of motivation and low energy. Behavioral
        and cognitive strategies for improving mood.
      benefits:
        - "Understanding depression"
        - "Behavioral activation"
        - "Balanced thinking"
        - "Healthy daily routines"
    - name: "Relationships and Communication"
      slug: "relationships"
      icon: "user-friends"
      description: |
        Guides about effective communication, conflict resolution, building healthy relationships and
        setting personal boundaries.
      benefits:
        - "Assertive communication"
        - "Conflict resolution"
        - "Setting boundaries"
        - "Empathy and active listening"
    - name: "Mindfulness and Self-Awareness"
      slug: "mindfulness"
      icon: "spa"
      description: |
        Mindfulness practices, meditation, body awareness and increasing self-awareness.
        Techniques for living in the present.
      benefits:
        - "Guided meditation exercises"
        - "Body scan and muscle relaxation"
        - "Acceptance and non-judgment"
        - "Presence and awareness"
    - name: "Personal Development"
      slug: "development"
      icon: "seedling"
      description: |
        Articles about resilience, personal values, life goals, self-compassion and continuous growth.
        Resources to discover your potential.
      benefits:
        - "Clarifying values"
        - "Setting goals"
        - "Self-compassion"
        - "Resilience and adaptability"

# Feature Blocks Section - Featured Resources & Downloadable Materials
feature_blocks:
  - title: "Complete Guide: Managing Anxiety"
    subtitle: "Free PDF Guide"
    description: |
      A practical 20-page guide with scientifically validated techniques for reducing anxiety. Includes
      breathing exercises, mindfulness, cognitive restructuring and personalized action plans.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1506126613408-eca07ce68773?w=800&h=600&fit=crop"
  - title: "5 Mindfulness Exercises for Beginners"
    subtitle: "Guided Audio"
    description: |
      Simple 5-10 minute exercises you can do anywhere. Perfect for beginners. Includes
      guided audio and step-by-step instructions.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1545389336-cf090694435e?w=800&h=600&fit=crop"
  - title: "Thoughts and Emotions Journal"
    subtitle: "Downloadable Template"
    description: |
      A downloadable template to monitor your thoughts, emotions and behaviors. Essential tool
      in cognitive-behavioral therapy.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1455390582262-044cdead277a?w=800&h=600&fit=crop"
  - title: "Complete Anxiety Management Guide"
    subtitle: "Downloadable Materials"
    description: |
      20 pages with CBT techniques, mindfulness, breathing exercises and action plans. PDF format,
      free download.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1506126613408-eca07ce68773?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Thoughts and Emotions Journal Template"
    subtitle: "Practical Tool"
    description: |
      Essential tool for self-observation and cognitive restructuring. Includes complete
      usage instructions. Downloadable and printable format.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1517842645767-c639042777db?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Mindfulness and Relaxation Audio Exercises"
    subtitle: "Guided Audio"
    description: |
      5 guided audio exercises (5-15 minutes each): body scan, conscious breathing, focused meditation,
      progressive muscle relaxation, calming visualization.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1545389336-cf090694435e?w=800&q=80"
  - title: "Weekly Wellbeing Planner"
    subtitle: "Weekly Template"
    description: |
      Template for planning pleasant activities, monitoring mood, setting goals
      and tracking progress. Perfect for behavioral activation.
    image: "https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1484480974693-6ca0a78fb36b?w=800&q=80"

# Blog Grid Section - Main Resources
blog_grid:
  title: "All **Resources**"
  description: "Explore the complete collection of articles, guides and exercises"
  categories:
    - name: "All"
      slug: "all"
    - name: "Anxiety"
      slug: "anxiety"
    - name: "Depression"
      slug: "depression"
    - name: "Relationships"
      slug: "relationships"
    - name: "Mindfulness"
      slug: "mindfulness"
    - name: "Development"
      slug: "development"
  items: []  # Placeholder - will be populated with actual blog posts

# Newsletter Signup Section
newsletter_signup:
  title: "Subscribe to **Newsletter**"
  description: |
    Receive monthly new articles, practical exercises, workshop invitations and exclusive resources directly in your inbox.
    No spam, only quality content.
  placeholder: "Your email address"
  button_text: "Subscribe Free"
  button_variant: "primary"
  privacy_text: "We will never send you spam. You can unsubscribe anytime."

# Onboarding Steps Section - Workshops and Events
onboarding_steps:
  title: "Live **Workshops and Events**"
  intro: "Participate in interactive online sessions to learn and practice together"
  steps:
    - title: "Mindfulness Workshop for Beginners (Online)"
      duration: "2 hours"
      description: |
        A practical introduction to mindfulness with guided exercises, interactive discussions and downloadable materials.
        Ideal for beginners. Next date: TBD.
      icon: "video"
    - title: "Managing Anxiety - Live Q&A Session"
      duration: "1 hour"
      description: |
        Interactive question and answer session about anxiety, panic attacks and management strategies.
        Free for all interested persons. Next date: TBD.
      icon: "comments"
    - title: "Assertive Communication in Relationships"
      duration: "90 minutes"
      description: |
        Practical workshop to learn to communicate clearly, set healthy boundaries and resolve conflicts
        constructively. Includes role exercises. Next date: TBD.
      icon: "users"
    - title: "Therapeutic Journaling - How to Write for Healing"
      duration: "1 hour"
      description: |
        Discover the power of therapeutic writing. Journaling techniques, prompts and guided exercises for
        processing emotions and self-reflection. Next date: TBD.
      icon: "pen"

# CTA Standard Section
cta_standard:
  kicker: "Need Personalized Support?"
  title: "Free Resources Are a **Start, Not a Complete Solution**"
  description: |
    These resources can be very helpful, but they don't replace personalized therapy. If you're facing persistent
    difficulties, severe anxiety, depression or any other challenge affecting your life, I encourage you
    to schedule a consultation.
  button_text: "Schedule a Consultation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  button_variant: "primary"
  secondary_button_text: "See Services"
  secondary_button_url: "/en/services/"
  secondary_button_variant: "outline-secondary"
---
