content/english/services/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Psychological Therapy Services - Alexandra Barbu Practice Bucharest"
description: "Individual therapy, couples therapy, family therapy, and organizational psychology. Evidence-based methods: CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness. Bucharest office and online."
layout: "flexible"

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "services-preview"
  - type: "feature-blocks"
  - type: "values-intro"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# Hero Breadcrumb
hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "Therapy Services"
  subtitle: "Find the Right Service for You"
  description: "I offer specialized psychological therapy for individuals, couples, families, and organizations. All services use scientifically validated methods and are adapted to your unique needs."
  image: "images/services/hero-services.jpg"

breadcrumb:
  - name: "Home"
    url: "/en/"
  - name: "Services"
    url: "/en/services/"

# Services Preview Section
services_preview:
  enable: true
  title: "How I Can Help"
  subtitle: "Specialized services"
  description: "I offer four main types of therapeutic services, each tailored to the specific challenges you're facing."

  services:
    - title: "Individual Therapy"
      description: "Personalized approach for anxiety, depression, trauma, and personal growth. CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness."
      icon: "user"
      features:
        - "Anxiety and panic attacks"
        - "Depression and lack of motivation"
        - "Trauma and PTSD"
        - "Self-esteem and personal growth"
      link: "/en/services/individual-therapy/"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_variant: "primary"

    - title: "Couples Therapy"
      description: "Rebuild connection, communication, and intimacy in your relationship. Gottman and CBT approach."
      icon: "heart"
      features:
        - "Conflicts and dysfunctional communication"
        - "Infidelity and rebuilding trust"
        - "Intimacy and emotional connection"
        - "Relationship decisions"
      link: "/en/services/couples-therapy/"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_variant: "secondary"

    - title: "Family Therapy"
      description: "Heal and harmonize family dynamics. We work together for healthier relationships."
      icon: "users"
      features:
        - "Persistent family conflicts"
        - "Problems with teenagers"
        - "Divorce and blended families"
        - "Caring for aging parents"
      link: "/en/services/family-therapy/"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_variant: "primary"

    - title: "Organizational Psychology"
      description: "Optimize teams and organizational culture. Coaching, assessment, leadership development."
      icon: "briefcase"
      features:
        - "Burnout and occupational stress"
        - "Leadership development"
        - "Team building and culture"
        - "Employee psychological assessment"
      link: "/en/services/organizational-psychology/"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_variant: "secondary"

# Feature Blocks - How to Choose
feature_blocks:
  - title: "Are the Problems About Me?"
    subtitle: "Individual Therapy"
    description: "If you're dealing with anxiety, depression, past traumas, low self-esteem, or want to grow personally, **individual therapy** is the right choice."
    image: "images/services/individual-guide.jpg"

  - title: "Are the Problems in My Relationship?"
    subtitle: "Couples Therapy"
    description: "If you and your partner argue frequently, communication is dysfunctional, you've experienced infidelity, or you're considering separation, **couples therapy** can help."
    image: "images/services/couple-guide.jpg"

  - title: "Are the Problems in the Family?"
    subtitle: "Family Therapy"
    description: "If family conflicts affect all members, children have behavioral issues, or the family is going through a difficult transition, **family therapy** is the solution."
    image: "images/services/family-guide.jpg"

  - title: "Are the Problems at Work?"
    subtitle: "Organizational Psychology"
    description: "If you're a manager or HR professional and want to improve organizational culture, develop leadership, or prevent employee burnout, **organizational psychology** offers solutions."
    image: "images/services/organizational-guide.jpg"

# Values Intro - General Benefits
values_intro:
  enable: true
  title: "Why Therapy Works"
  subtitle: "General benefits"
  lead: "Regardless of the service chosen, all my approaches are based on the same fundamental principles that guarantee results."

  values:
    - title: "Evidence-Based"
      description: "I only use methods validated by research (CBT, EMDR, Gottman, Mindfulness). I don't improvise - I follow proven protocols."
      icon: "flask"

    - title: "Personalized for You"
      description: "There's no one-size-fits-all approach. Each therapeutic plan is built specifically for your unique situation, resources, and personality."
      icon: "user-cog"

    - title: "Safe and Confidential Space"
      description: "Everything we discuss remains confidential (professional code + GDPR). You can be vulnerable without fear of judgment or criticism."
      icon: "shield-check"

    - title: "Objectively Measured Progress"
      description: "We use scientifically validated questionnaires to measure improvement. You know exactly where you are and how much you've progressed."
      icon: "chart-line-up"

    - title: "Flexibility: Office or Online"
      description: "All services are available both in-person (Bucharest office) and online (Zoom). You choose what works for you."
      icon: "video"

    - title: "Diverse Experience"
      description: "15+ years working with varied issues (anxiety, depression, trauma, relationships, organizations). I've seen and resolved complex situations."
      icon: "star"

# CTA Standard
cta_standard:
  enable: true
  title: "Ready to Begin?"
  description: "The first step is the most important. Book a free 30-minute consultation to discuss your situation and identify the right service."

  primary_button:
    text: "Book Free Consultation"
    url: "/en/contact/"
    variant: "primary"

  secondary_button:
    text: "See All Services"
    url: "#services-preview"
    variant: "outline-secondary"

  benefits:
    - text: "Free 30-minute initial consultation"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "Completely confidential (GDPR compliant)"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "Bucharest office or online (Zoom)"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "No obligations - just a conversation"
      icon: "check-circle"
---

## Why Choose My Services?

### Vast and Diverse Experience
With over 15 years of practice in psychological therapy, I've worked with hundreds of clients from all walks of life. From anxious students to couples on the brink of divorce, from rebellious teenagers to burnt-out managers - I've seen and resolved a wide range of human challenges.

### Proven Methods, Not Improvisation
All my services use scientifically validated methods with demonstrated success rates:
- **CBT (Cognitive Behavioral Therapy)**: 70-80% improvement in anxiety and depression
- **EMDR**: Recommended by WHO for PTSD
- **Gottman Method**: 70%+ success rate for couples
- **Mindfulness**: 30-40% symptom reduction

### Integrative Personalized Approach
I don't limit myself to one method. I combine the best techniques from each approach to create a unique plan adapted to you. What works for one person may not work for another - that's why personalization is key.

### We Measure Progress, We Don't Guess
We use scientifically validated questionnaires (for anxiety, depression, relationship satisfaction) that you complete periodically. We compare scores to see objective progress. We don't work indefinitely without knowing if it's working.

### Maximum Flexibility
- **Office or online**: Both are equally effective (according to research)
- **Flexible schedule**: Sessions in the morning, afternoon, or evening
- **Emergencies**: Availability for crisis situations
- **Language**: Romanian or English

## General FAQ

### How much do the services cost?
Rates vary by type:
- **Individual therapy**: 250 RON/session (50 min)
- **Couples therapy**: 350 RON/session (75 min)
- **Family therapy**: 400 RON/session (90 min)
- **Organizational psychology**: Upon request (varies by project)

All services offer **package discounts** (10-15% reduction for 5-10 pre-paid sessions).

### How long does therapy last?
It depends on the complexity of the issue:
- **Mild-moderate issues**: 12-20 sessions (3-5 months)
- **Complex issues**: 6-12 months
- **Personal development/relationships**: May last 1-2 years

In the first session, we establish a realistic estimate based on your situation.

### Can I change the type of service?
Of course! Sometimes we start with individual therapy and realize the problems are in the relationship - then I recommend couples therapy. Or vice versa. We're flexible and adapt to your real needs.

### Is it confidential?
**Absolutely.** Confidentiality is sacred in psychotherapy. Everything we discuss remains between us, according to:
- The code of ethics for psychologists in Romania
- GDPR (European Data Protection Regulation)

The only legal exceptions (extremely rare): imminent risk of suicide/homicide or child abuse.

### How do I start?
Simple:
1. **Book a free consultation** (30 min) - we discuss your situation and identify the right service
2. **If you decide to continue**, we schedule the first full session
3. **We begin work** - we establish goals, plan, and session frequency

No obligations, no pressure. Just an honest conversation about how I can help you.

Commit message:

fix(cta-standard): render buttons correctly
- Fix button atom param: use 'href' instead of 'url'
- Normalize content files to use flat button_text/button_url format
- Remove button_variant: primary overrides (let template default to secondary for contrast)

content/english/services/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Psychological Therapy Services - Alexandra Barbu Practice Bucharest"
description: "Individual therapy, couples therapy, family therapy, and organizational psychology. Evidence-based methods: CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness. Bucharest office and online."
layout: "flexible"

sections:
  - type: "hero-breadcrumb"
  - type: "services-preview"
  - type: "feature-blocks"
  - type: "values-intro"
  - type: "cta-standard"

# Hero Breadcrumb
hero_breadcrumb:
  title: "Therapy Services"
  subtitle: "Find the Right Service for You"
  description: "I offer specialized psychological therapy for individuals, couples, families, and organizations. All services use scientifically validated methods and are adapted to your unique needs. Whether you're dealing with anxiety, depression, relationship issues, or seeking personal development, there's a service designed specifically for you. The first consultation is free and without obligations."
  image: "images/services/hero-services.jpg"

breadcrumb:
  - name: "Home"
    url: "/en/"
  - name: "Services"
    url: "/en/services/"

# Services Preview Section
services_preview:
  enable: true
  title: "How I Can Help"
  subtitle: "Specialized services"
  description: "I offer four main types of therapeutic services, each tailored to the specific challenges you're facing."

  services:
    - title: "Individual Therapy"
      description: "Personalized approach for anxiety, depression, trauma, and personal growth. CBT, EMDR, Mindfulness."
      icon: "user"
      features:
        - "Anxiety and panic attacks"
        - "Depression and lack of motivation"
        - "Trauma and PTSD"
        - "Self-esteem and personal growth"
      link: "/en/services/individual-therapy/"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_variant: "primary"

    - title: "Couples Therapy"
      description: "Rebuild connection, communication, and intimacy in your relationship. Gottman and CBT approach."
      icon: "heart"
      features:
        - "Conflicts and dysfunctional communication"
        - "Infidelity and rebuilding trust"
        - "Intimacy and emotional connection"
        - "Relationship decisions"
      link: "/en/services/couples-therapy/"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_variant: "secondary"

    - title: "Family Therapy"
      description: "Heal and harmonize family dynamics. We work together for healthier relationships."
      icon: "users"
      features:
        - "Persistent family conflicts"
        - "Problems with teenagers"
        - "Divorce and blended families"
        - "Caring for aging parents"
      link: "/en/services/family-therapy/"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_variant: "primary"

    - title: "Organizational Psychology"
      description: "Optimize teams and organizational culture. Coaching, assessment, leadership development."
      icon: "briefcase"
      features:
        - "Burnout and occupational stress"
        - "Leadership development"
        - "Team building and culture"
        - "Employee psychological assessment"
      link: "/en/services/organizational-psychology/"
      button_text: "Learn More"
      button_variant: "secondary"

# Feature Blocks - How to Choose
feature_blocks:
  - title: "Are the Problems About Me?"
    subtitle: "Individual Therapy"
    description: "If you're dealing with anxiety, depression, past traumas, low self-esteem, or want to grow personally, **individual therapy** is the right choice."
    image: "images/services/individual-guide.jpg"

  - title: "Are the Problems in My Relationship?"
    subtitle: "Couples Therapy"
    description: "If you and your partner argue frequently, communication is dysfunctional, you've experienced infidelity, or you're considering separation, **couples therapy** can help."
    image: "images/services/couple-guide.jpg"

  - title: "Are the Problems in the Family?"
    subtitle: "Family Therapy"
    description: "If family conflicts affect all members, children have behavioral issues, or the family is going through a difficult transition, **family therapy** is the solution."
    image: "images/services/family-guide.jpg"

  - title: "Are the Problems at Work?"
    subtitle: "Organizational Psychology"
    description: "If you're a manager or HR professional and want to improve organizational culture, develop leadership, or prevent employee burnout, **organizational psychology** offers solutions."
    image: "images/services/organizational-guide.jpg"

# Values Intro - General Benefits
values_intro:
  enable: true
  title: "Why Therapy Works"
  subtitle: "General benefits"
  lead: "Regardless of the service chosen, all my approaches are based on the same fundamental principles that guarantee results."

  values:
    - title: "Evidence-Based"
      description: "I only use methods validated by research (CBT, EMDR, Gottman, Mindfulness). I don't improvise - I follow proven protocols."
      icon: "flask"

    - title: "Personalized for You"
      description: "There's no one-size-fits-all approach. Each therapeutic plan is built specifically for your unique situation, resources, and personality."
      icon: "user-cog"

    - title: "Safe and Confidential Space"
      description: "Everything we discuss remains confidential (professional code + GDPR). You can be vulnerable without fear of judgment or criticism."
      icon: "shield-check"

    - title: "Objectively Measured Progress"
      description: "We use scientifically validated questionnaires to measure improvement. You know exactly where you are and how much you've progressed."
      icon: "chart-line-up"

    - title: "Flexibility: Office or Online"
      description: "All services are available both in-person (Bucharest office) and online (Zoom). You choose what works for you."
      icon: "video"

    - title: "Diverse Experience"
      description: "15+ years working with varied issues (anxiety, depression, trauma, relationships, organizations). I've seen and resolved complex situations."
      icon: "star"

# CTA Standard
cta_standard:
  enable: true
  title: "Ready to Begin?"
  description: "The first step is the most important. Book a free 30-minute consultation to discuss your situation and identify the right service."

  button_text: "Book Free Consultation"
  button_url: "/en/contact/"
  secondary_button_text: "See All Services"
  secondary_button_url: "#services-preview"
  secondary_button_variant: "outline-secondary"

  benefits:
    - text: "Free 30-minute initial consultation"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "Completely confidential (GDPR compliant)"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "Bucharest office or online (Zoom)"
      icon: "check-circle"
    - text: "No obligations - just a conversation"
      icon: "check-circle"
---

## Why Choose My Services?

### Vast and Diverse Experience
With over 15 years of practice in psychological therapy, I've worked with hundreds of clients from all walks of life. From anxious students to couples on the brink of divorce, from rebellious teenagers to burnt-out managers - I've seen and resolved a wide range of human challenges.

### Proven Methods, Not Improvisation
All my services use scientifically validated methods with demonstrated success rates:
- **CBT (Cognitive Behavioral Therapy)**: 70-80% improvement in anxiety and depression
- **EMDR**: Recommended by WHO for PTSD
- **Gottman Method**: 70%+ success rate for couples
- **Mindfulness**: 30-40% symptom reduction

### Integrative Personalized Approach
I don't limit myself to one method. I combine the best techniques from each approach to create a unique plan adapted to you. What works for one person may not work for another - that's why personalization is key.

### We Measure Progress, We Don't Guess
We use scientifically validated questionnaires (for anxiety, depression, relationship satisfaction) that you complete periodically. We compare scores to see objective progress. We don't work indefinitely without knowing if it's working.

### Maximum Flexibility
- **Office or online**: Both are equally effective (according to research)
- **Flexible schedule**: Sessions in the morning, afternoon, or evening
- **Emergencies**: Availability for crisis situations
- **Language**: Romanian or English

## General FAQ

### How much do the services cost?
Rates vary by type:
- **Individual therapy**: 250 RON/session (50 min)
- **Couples therapy**: 350 RON/session (75 min)
- **Family therapy**: 400 RON/session (90 min)
- **Organizational psychology**: Upon request (varies by project)

All services offer **package discounts** (10-15% reduction for 5-10 pre-paid sessions).

### How long does therapy last?
It depends on the complexity of the issue:
- **Mild-moderate issues**: 12-20 sessions (3-5 months)
- **Complex issues**: 6-12 months
- **Personal development/relationships**: May last 1-2 years

In the first session, we establish a realistic estimate based on your situation.

### Can I change the type of service?
Of course! Sometimes we start with individual therapy and realize the problems are in the relationship - then I recommend couples therapy. Or vice versa. We're flexible and adapt to your real needs.

### Is it confidential?
**Absolutely.** Confidentiality is sacred in psychotherapy. Everything we discuss remains between us, according to:
- The code of ethics for psychologists in Romania
- GDPR (European Data Protection Regulation)

The only legal exceptions (extremely rare): imminent risk of suicide/homicide or child abuse.

### How do I start?
Simple:
1. **Book a free consultation** (30 min) - we discuss your situation and identify the right service
2. **If you decide to continue**, we schedule the first full session
3. **We begin work** - we establish goals, plan, and session frequency

No obligations, no pressure. Just an honest conversation about how I can help you.
